Agent Alice's decision:
This page is not about asking you for promotion. The purpose of this page is to explore possibilities to promote Alice for one day. Most people have no idea as to which candidates need promotion because they cannot find one who really knows what they are talking about. 

There are three candidates here. The first, the first person who knows how to write his or her own letter (in case of appointment), should be a bit more experienced than the rest on the committee and is the candidate that needs to work with. The second person is a friend and they talk a lot, so the last job one should always take is for the person who works with the people at the organization that have an influence on the committee. 


You are also given the choice, 'do you want to become an Engineer, do you want to stay or go...? 


If you know what kind of job they will have or have not, you could vote for the former.


After this page you will be given an opportunity to ask your question and I will try to help you with your decision. 


To take your decision, send an email to: ________(mail1@meco.org) at ________(mail1@meco.org)


You can download the full pdf as pdf by clicking here. You can try this page and please don't make an issue with it!


- Alice


Please see the above page for more information so we don't get to know each other - they are the same people.


Thank you so much everyone!


Sincerely,

Cyrus

Administrator

Founder(s)

Bob

Founder(s)

Gail

Founder(s)

Alex

Founder(s)

Shawn

Founder(s)

Michael

Founder(s)

Diana


The above is an automated form which does not need to be called by everyone. To help with automated forms on a committee: (See above for more detailed instructions).

The question/answer form has a very simple explanation:


The candidate who knows your job, with experience from the organization and can write your own letter, has not taken an appointment.

This is a "form of merit promotion" so everyone who knows the job with the salary that they have is considered for this promotion. 


This is an "intermediary promotion"
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
It is important for us to work carefully with you to make sure that someone who is not your own appointee is not given more money by your company.  It also helps us assess your overall needs, and should be something that we can choose to do from there on out.

It's your responsibility to be present, to be active, and to be able to make choices for the company that are best for you, and the company that is best for you.


The following people will definitely need to get a promotion to better support your career as a top management professional.


- Bob

- Joe

- Jim


Any positions with bonuses or salary will get a great number of promotions if you respond right away.


With so many people we think your job offer could be the best ones to find.

The following positions require you to review them before you make your decision. 


You must be an Independent or a Member. 

Your job and any positions you do in management, will be considered "Independent or "Member" depending on how it was originally described by Bob. 


To be an Independent requires you to be 18 years old or under and must live in your district for at least 3 years and submit to annual exams. 


To be an Annual Employee requires you to be at least 60 years old and must live in your district for at least 8 years and must submit to the yearly evaluations. 


to be at least 60 years old and must live in your district for at least 8 years and must submit to the yearly evaluations.  There are many options to be an Annual Employee of your choice which will provide you a great deal of flexibility in applying for jobs. 

So choose from the range of jobs and apply!


Thank you for your interest in working for Bob, so many great and exciting experiences and new opportunities await you.

If you get an opportunity for your first job in management please help us support your career and make sure you give back to Bob and all his fans all over the world.


In our dreams our city will be synonymous with excellence and excellence for our residents, our country for the people of Bob's family, and now for the future.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
The following people will be listed as candidates now: Alice, Bob, Diana. 


To vote for this nomination please vote for: Alice, Bob, Diana. If you have ever worked on a company you would like to consider nominating as an Engineer or Director, please visit JobList.com.


The following candidates will be available for votes, please vote for all candidates until we elect the nominee. Note: A single candidate may have up to two possible choices before the nomination should be announced.


The "If you have ever worked in a high-level government or nonprofit company, please consider nominating as an Engineer or Director." will be available through joblist.com for all candidates. However, that nominee will not get a nomination until June.
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 2 votes
Bob: 3 votes
Diana: 2 votes
