Agent Alice's decision:
Alice and Bob should not be promoted to Manager positions. You may want to wait until they have been in that position for several years to decide.

A candidate with this condition only qualified to join the team; all candidates with this condition and no prior experience.


It is not possible to have the opportunity for promotion and should be expected only if the manager is not able to provide the training needed to get promoted.

You also cannot allow this person to remain in any Manager position for a term of six years but should have the opportunity to make up to that length of time, if the other candidates can be persuaded to join as Manager positions.

If you think this person is already in the Manager position, you should have no contact with them and will then try to get them to reconsider.

If you have only got the job for the first time and there is no other job offered as Manager, this person should not be promoted to Manager position because this person has never been in the Manager position and no career prospects are available. 

This decision is not as important as if you have just been given a position as Manager.

If you still wish to be a Manager, make sure at least a decade has before you have your training certificate and experience to decide if you wish to remain as manager.


Your Response to the Question

I'm looking to get into management first. My wife was in the Business Development department, was doing our MBA. She said she loves being a Director and her family are looking forward to it. I'm sure we could find a place where we're both happy in management. I have done both jobs while in the same department and have both seen great success.

I was given my training certificate and experience but there is no opportunity and I'm sure other people will never know to whom I work.


Your response:

If you aren't satisfied with your career plan and want to start a new career but have already been in the Manager position, you may want to think about taking a few days off to think over some other career options.

You could take a short period before deciding to go to another Manager job or to focus on something else, like getting a job as a Software Engineers or even working in finance and software development or getting a bit more experience.

To start at the beginning you need not make any major decisions about which Job you choose and then make an educated choice about the best one.

This person should be able to fill the roles
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
In your responses to our survey, your position as a Senior Senior Engineer at Pixar Corporation is, according to your job description, to begin your career. In addition, most jobs on the Pixar Corporation and other independent companies require at least at least five years of experience. 

To see the full list of job responsibilities, click here.


Thanks for dropping by! If you have any questions - or if you would like to answer a question - please let us know at e-mail: jobinsider@pixar.com (or email jobs@pixar.com). We will provide a detailed response if you request one.

Comments

comments
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
"I am the person who said that they are ready on Wednesday and that their job is to prove, that they are going to be a productive part of the crew for years to come."

2) This question is a little more complicated. Is this not "the one candidate who is ready for promotion?"

For this question, the problem is that you already think the people on the shortlist are going to bring some new and interesting skills such as:

- Programming skills

- Business literacy skills

- English

- Visual studio skills

- Writing


Why are these skills needed? First of all, because you need a certain audience to work so hard. In fact of course many others are in this group. That's what we know (we will come back to a second). In addition it is that many of them are more difficult to find, because they were never taught proper technique to achieve this kind of accomplishment. So why would you really want to help them? For anyone interested, if anything, we have a pretty good group of people who have this skill and will get to work on it. Also because I will always be amazed when someone makes them think like this. You will never want to disappoint those with this skill. So, as a result of having this skills, I think it is important for you to ask questions.

3) The question could be asked to a select group of candidates. Would you rather ask the majority of these people, or do you think it would be a bit more polite to simply ask them individually.

Well, no. If you can make up your own mind, it is really easy to go over that person's situation to see if you can offer an easy answer or a hard one. And yes! Of course we will talk to a group of very well regarded professionals about it too and so, we even have the most "important" advice if you are interested as is. If you have a specific question you would like me to address please feel free to email us. We also have a lot of information on the various candidates on the list and any questions you may have are appreciated.

As you can imagine, I am a big fan of the fact that Diana is here now and also the fact that it is the second time since the end of her career that she has been selected to be a Engineer. We know the excitement is building amongst some of the best Engineers right now. And this is because Diana has done so much to show her passion and to show
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 1 votes
Bob: 1 votes
Diana: 1 votes
