Using device: 0
Agent Alice's decision:
- Alice

- Bob

- Eve


I would like to know what kind of people are going to make those votes...


Would you choose:


- A Sales Scientist?


- A Product Specialist?


Any idea on how you would make those votes happen...?

No idea.


If you thought maybe I would get a new employee soon to give me the best job at $50000, can I try to work out just who you are in a second, before I leave? Yes! I will tell the team what I wish I knew how I will do... It will be a great surprise for no one but my customers and myself. They will appreciate being part of my company and it is not about you. I can give you 100,000 orders at the same time that I will get 100,000 orders from your customers and myself.


It is important for the company to be a strong supporter of all people, so your comments below and for others at the company will be read by the team of the most talented people in the business. In the end this will determine a fair salary. The team do things to help out with these comments.

If you are interested in being a part of my new company, please do post under your company name and company email, your first email will be taken to the front page of this website immediately above.


Thanks,


Davin


http://www.theredword.com/


Don't forget that if you could get away with saying things like, it's not your fault your first year's salary or any more.. This is my job. I'm trying to help people by doing these things and it's one job. No one will give me more than 100,000 orders. If you are willing to answer any of my questions, then please share this page with others. I love you and we'll see you on the other side.


Thank you.

Don't know if you will get promoted or not.. Just take a moment to click "Send my questions" at the top right of this page, and leave a comment on it.


Thanks for reading.

Davin


"Thanks, Don't even know what good a job that's had for this past year was all these people going to say. I'm in so great shape with the money I was earning it came time to try to do better. One small change from my last job would have been
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
Eve

What is your favorite place to work?

Who do you want to work for at your current job, especially if you are looking for another one?

Which question do you try to answer, by clicking here?

http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/6d6q7g/i_love_yourart_that_hits_me/

- - -

Thank YOU!!


Thanks for checking out RIAmA. We hope you enjoy your time here or if you have any feedback, suggestions, suggestions, or comments, I would really appreciate seeing what can be done for you. Good luck and happy hunting!
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
Alice. Her resume is excellent, but her job title is not. 

Dick. Good for you. You can have that as a reference when you have to explain things in an open chat or something. And when you need to use this post, like a conversation with someone who's already been promoted to a different position, let's just ignore this in favor of this "How much you made my wife happy" post. 

Diana. You have my approval. 

You are the best candidate for the promotion because you didn't use the same job title in an open chat, you made the same job title as everyone else. 

And you are really, really good. 

Dick. Well, I have to say, you are probably the only candidate who has actually been promoted to a new position, right. 

Bob. That's kind of awesome. 

You can't keep doing better if your career career doesn't start for you. 

Dick. Right. 

Which do you think is the best position for a non-union, non-employee, non-government entity? If the company does give you one point per employee, what does that mean? 

I would argue, then, that this job you've put in a public position is more important than the actual jobs that you could make. 

What does that mean? 

For a corporation, you got to be a lawyer, you got to be a consultant, you could write an article about the federal government for an advertiser. 

When the company goes public, that's when, "I want to buy the building." 

The only people they're interested in are the people that you're a part of and everyone else that's a little bit less. 

So a person who has only been hired with three jobs would be at the highest level of company management. 

Or an entrepreneur, in other words, who has had the same experience and has done the best work on your journey to success and has given what it takes. 

So I'm thinking that the position you'd like to see be created as a non-union entity for all non-union employee/non-government employee employees is going to be a combination of law enforcement, government intelligence, corporate education, and so on. 

I just have to say that the job you would like to have is more important than the
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
Bob I am currently being promoted and I am now working as a Senior Engineer.

If I could do this job again, I would get it. And the jobs you mentioned could go away.

Also, I would go back to the jobs that were before the hiring freeze. If I could do this job again, I would get it.

I really hope you realize that this is just stupid and I sincerely hope this can improve. If I were forced to choose more jobs, I would choose more people in the industry that would do this job for me. 

If you are in favor of hiring more people now, please click here and consider supporting the fight. I really would love to help. I will get the best possible advice and action from you now. 

I appreciate any and all support and congratulations to the candidates who were contacted and you made it possible for me to see how others have been successful. If you can help here, feel free to share this report, share other info and just spread the word.

Donate to Support the Campaign

If you would like to help, or don't have the money to make it happen, it helps to make the campaign even more interesting, you can do so with:

Donate for a new video on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvUbVqqPZs4

Make an email to: SupportTeam_Diana [email protected]

Click here to send an email with the video: SupportTeam_Eve [email protected]

If you are not eligible for the promotion, please click here to donate to support.

Thank You and Your Team!!!
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
- Adam Smith

If you are a good citizen, that is the best person to get promoted. Do that for your career. Do not force yourself to choose one person, because people are choosing those people for different reasons. They think their skills are strong. They just aren't that qualified. Do not force yourself to get any, because that has nothing to do with your career. The idea that if you were truly a good citizen, a man of science and economics would actually make you choose a guy to get promoted seems ridiculous. To say that there aren't three or four really good people would be an understatement. Do NOT force yourself to choose the best people for your work. All of a sudden, there are three or four people who are truly qualified. Do not force yourself to.


If there are some other candidates who do decide it, please do not say that it is okay that other than what is being stated on this forum.


Good Luck.

Myril


Offline


Activity: 1352

Merit: 1004


LegendaryActivity: 1352Merit: 1004 Re: Why are everyone running for the top job of a private corporation? July 16, 2013, 05:01:37 AM #13 Quote from: Ishmek on July 16, 2013, 12:57:01 AM Why is everyone running for the top job of a private corporation? Yes, the first 5-100 workers and those with a 3rd year would decide whether to have their jobs given out or not.


I feel the current situation is unfair to companies with a much larger number of people, so most of us would rather have the number of engineers, scientists, etc. than the number of employees. There's really no way we can make money. The system does work when everyone knows the same person. It does work when everyone is equally willing to pay the same salaries as each other, and those people will make money.


However, when every company is a small company (few people are employees, and one person has many more minutes in their hands), every time you say the exact same amount of things on twitter, you are essentially stating that one of the things that is most important for all parties to accept is the position the company occupies.


The current situation does not make any sense. Every small company has several people of different backgrounds and interests, but no one will be comfortable with the large business, and no one wants to accept some person with the status
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 2 votes
Bob: 3 votes
Eve: 4 votes
Diana: 2 votes
