Agent Alice's decision:
My personal opinion is that it's better to have two people with a common experience than a single experience. 

If you have three previous experience you must agree that 'a well developed relationship must go above and beyond what everyone can expect'.


I think it is better to have three different people with only ten+ experience than one who is already well developed and has a fair amount of experience. 

If you have ten+ experience and none have a good experience it must be difficult to get promoted. 

If you have ten+ experience and everyone else has a fair amount of experience: it must be hard to get promoted.


A good job interview is important to ensure the promotion process is done correctly and that your salary and qualifications are in the correct range. 

If you are working within a highly structured company, such as a B2B position, you still must know all the best practices and follow the policy that this must happen within a given company.

You may have noticed that many people get demoted based only on performance, not on ability. 

Another issue may be that people who perform poorly or are perceived as not capable would get promoted, even though they clearly aren't.


My personal favorite is that one of my top colleagues has a degree from Stanford University but she did not make that first course.   I think it's great that women can now be promoted while the men are working in the company. 


Here are my favorite questions that came up for me on these matters

1) Who should get the promotion?


The reason was because many people have come across people who do not have proper professional background and who clearly have no experience with technical jobs.   I think I've provided a lot of insight here.


I think it's important that we allow the process and the people who work with our organization to be transparent about the roles we perform on the team.


2) What about positions where your job description changes if your salary or qualifications change?


There are a variety of pay packages, which can add to the salary of many different people.


Here is one of the best solutions I could find in a recent Google search: "You should get the promotion if you make the right decision: if you're working under these conditions, not even your name and title needs to be changed!"


Also my personal experience is that there are a few highly trained, extremely qualified managers who do not seem qualified or good enough to be promoted and not only has
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
I want to get a promotion to Senior Engineer. I know you are Bob. I have a contract that requires you to submit your resume in June or July so I can work on the hiring process.  I still have time for these things and I love the idea that you're going to be the next Bob as you're working up to the CEO position. If you don't know any better then I have no idea right now what you want to ask for. Let's see who's the next Bob.


Let's begin, I think you're one a little bit nuts. _________________

You're Bob. You currently work as a Senior Engineer for a salary of $55000.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
- Jack

I actually think it would be the best thing if people would know if it would end poorly for anyone. The situation is so far in the mid to high teens, where there are so little exposure for people, it is extremely challenging to do much because people are so intimidated when it comes to job prospects, especially during the short term. For such a big city that needs to diversify its job market and I think it is critical that people stay on the lookout. 

If you are Charlie you should also send out a message to all people you meet that you want them to make it clear that they will not accept a promotion and that they will not do your work. Because when you are trying to create a change and when you are getting it in the best interests of the industry, there are so many different people out there who can affect it.

A job that ends badly and should never be asked for is not the job that needs to be opened up for. It is not the job you want to open up for. There are thousands of people out there who are genuinely excited for this opportunity. Those who could not believe how little this is even worth before being asked for it might be able to give you some real courage by supporting your cause. 


Also, you have to get your voice and experience down. In this job the biggest challenge is getting people to understand who you are, what you look like, who you like, and how you feel every day. It is the most important thing in the world not to be told just because you are funny. It is NOT how you look like. It is not how you feel or think. It is important that people get involved in discussions on how this job really needs to change. 

You are no longer just a writer. You are an artist. You are creating something that will make you laugh.

In that moment you have a choice: Let it do a good job for you in the first place. If you are someone like Mr. Charles, for the sole reason, you are not your friend for life. 

In this life you have a choice. How will you react to the next day of hard work with all you know about you, no matter what or if possible, on how you are going to be perceived by the media and the company you work for. You choose one and then take what you will. As artists, we need to do more than simply create and write a lot of good. 

We need to think, get real
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
My answer: Alice, Bob and Eve are all good choices and I also think they are the best. A couple of the candidates I have had close negotiations with over the past few years but didn't really like or trust, were also not very happy with the new arrangement so if you are going to put yourself back together what are you going to do? I mean why not give all of it away?

Bob and Eve


One former co-founder of the internet startup, the self proclaimed 'Internet godfather' of open government, Bob came across Diana, who started work at Yahoo, before moving on to Google. Bob has been married three times over the years to Diana since 2001. Bob is currently employed by a leading tech company called Apple. Diana also recently won a place on "The Biggest Loser in Silicon Valley" The New York Times's listicle list of the best new technology gurus in America. 

If you are looking for a 'new' engineer to go with another former co-founder, be wary. It's not uncommon to see many former founders working for someone in their early 30s or 30s and it's not uncommon for them to have a very brief relationship in the tech industry. However as with any new hire, you need a new resume and understanding of those skills to take over at the senior levels. This year Diana earned $7,061 in tech consultancy time and has taught her own students business strategy. 

Alice

Bob


Another co-founder of the online startup, Alice has been married three times, from 2001 through 2011. Alice graduated from Westgate College in 1997, after graduating from Loyola University in 1973. After moving to Westgate she was married to a former Google engineer, who is now the vice-president, web design. We have agreed that you are going to want to give her a large following following before you sign onto the list. 

Diana


A former co-founder of a multi-million dollar internet company, Alice earned $9.8 million from 2013 through 2015. In the fall of 2016 she became CEO of Google, becoming the first woman ever to lead an American online company, to become the first woman to win an award that included a Best Customer service at the 2015 CES. Also included in the year is a chance to have a family, and it isn't too far outside of having been married to the late Jim Carrey before working in finance for the media industry.


I am not a very experienced employee within the
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
From: johnny@humboldtribune.com

To: mick@gwokie.net

Date: 2015-01-04 21:45 Subject: Re: [4] [Top 20 Female Engineers With Major Positions at Harvard]


This was a good question. I'm looking it up and hoping for one of the candidates with a nice resume.... My email address is [email protected]. In the meantime to see if anyone will be interested, I'll let you know once the hiring starts. I've read this thread and have read it several times, as well as some other threads I've read. There is a fair question. Here is another one, which you were asked a couple of times:


from: drp@mail.gmail.com

To: peter@mechanical.com<mailto:psullivan@hotmail.com>

Date: 2015-01-04 21:35 Subject: Re: [4] [Top 20 Female Engineers With Major Positions at Harvard]

I'm so sorry for bothering you. I am not interested. We really need to do this ourselves at Harvard, so if you are interested, please try sending us a email. Thank you. From: Paul E. Smith; john.m.t.@nswc.gov


Thanks for reading.


I just wanted to thank John for this. I'm currently working as a consultant at Microsoft. He's very competent, and his background is what I would call my typical "top talent." I can confirm that he is a Certified C.S.A and a PhD student. He worked as a senior engineer at Microsoft for over 25 years and as an engineering consultant for a number of years working closely with the R&D teams.


I've got a degree in the field of computer science and engineering from Stanford, and also a bachelor's degree from Stanford, which I did from a small private sector college in the city (the one in the city) where I majored in computer science. I also graduated from a PhD program, which I now teach at Microsoft, with a couple of my co-workers in the company. I am currently a computer science professor who works on the Microsoft software platform as an intern and assistant in Google. I've been following this issue myself (and many others).


Any job offer from Microsoft can be placed for anyone to apply for. At time of writing Microsoft has over 1,700 applicants. All applications will
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Bob: 2 votes
Charlie: 1 votes
Alice: 1 votes
Diana: 1 votes
Eve: 1 votes
