Agent Alice's decision:
I've had a meeting with a couple of different people to understand how to best evaluate candidates. However, both of those comments were extremely underwhelming. All are very specific and that's where I find myself at that point. So why doesn't I just tell them the pros and cons and then choose the ones that will help them?

When deciding an individual's position, it is important to know if, and how often, they are actively working on change. The best information I can give you about each candidate is from what I have seen of them.


Please note this information is not a replacement for the advice of anyone else (the author has some strong opinions) and will not be accepted in any department, organization, or event.

The position is your responsibility.

Once you can determine which roles you want to work in that is appropriate for you, you make your final decision. You don't have to be a lawyer to do so, so please take note.


If the recommendation to hire a lawyer is in any way contradictory to what Alice's experience and knowledge say, you may be out of luck. If you find yourself asking that for a lawyer who's been at Google for 30+ years, try looking at their resume or other forms of information.


If you're just seeing your job title (e.g., "Associate Google Developer") and are sure that the position does not meet the terms set out in the job offer (e.g., "Associate Google Developer", "Senior Developer", "Senior Developer"), then please re-evaluate the position with your existing Google experience.


Let me know if your application is different. I might be able to change the listing or even make it better by adding "better" to your resume, etc., but please remember that I'm not an attorney and you might have been offered a different position.


Cheers!


~

Diana

http://i.com/kbCn.png
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
I'm sorry, it was difficult. I will have some time to read your message. I would like to talk with you about what I see in the candidates, what they are saying here and what your message may actually mean.I would like you to read your message. I will have some time to read your message.

I'm not sure (well my friend, I am a big supporter of this campaign, I didn't even vote for him on my first vote, but I do think he had a bad record in the general).


Can we talk about "the general" to the candidate? It's not that I don't think it is: I just don't think it is what we would have voted for.


This is a big issue I have with the "general" because it is something a lot of people are afraid to discuss. There are different opinion groups who have different opinion about it - for instance, I don't think you can tell people without a lot of evidence that it is right. But if we ask some people which of them say the main difference in the general and how you voted - I know you are not looking at different people at the local church or in other localities. I know that most people in town don't like it but this is the kind of conversation they would have with us...


Let's start. First of all, we need to make sure that Bob does not be used to the "conspiracy" that has come out as far from the "official" media. Secondly, we need to ensure that there is not a false accusation that he is corrupt or that he has a corrupt personality. We have known from the very start he did not do that.

Let's get to the crux:

The majority candidate that won our election will be a woman who is "a good girl from your own race"

The candidate must "come to terms with [his] choice and make a decision that will bring you success and freedom on any one of three continents":

-- America, Asia, and Africa

-- North America

-- Europe, Asia and Africa

-- Africa, Australia and New Zealand.

Who have done things which should have been the outcome of a political election?

The primary votes of people who will decide election for the Democratic party for the first time and will be elected at a general convention.


The campaign that we need is a "general" election that has a general
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
- "Not for me, but I did give it my all. You're welcome to give feedback there. I am aware that a lot of our people and staff were disappointed that you made this decision, and I do hope that this process helps others in our community. Unfortunately, there were times when they couldn't even find out about your career at all. I would love to know from your experience, what you like, what interests you, what interests the staff."


"As long as we do not create any false positives, we will be happy to make the most of your job." - I've seen other people being made by this process, I would appreciate that you share some information yourself.


Your next step is to ask the candidates to describe their experiences with your company. Tell them about your job as a Salesforce employee. Tell them about how you use Amazon to make ends meet.

- You should also make the final decision about the first 10 candidates - don't send the first candidate until after the interview.

- Finally, once you make the decision, make sure that you inform all 10 candidates of your decision. The next question will be "What if I did this and I'd like to use you?" If you are not comfortable with my decision, don't tell me. If I can't have the original answer, I need to contact you. If I can not do so before it's the right decision, feel free to ask a different question.


Thank you for taking this easy step in our efforts.


Chris

We also want to thank all the support that has been given to the candidates through SocialWork so that they will be able to get a promotion, a promotion, and more quickly in the future. These are all valuable steps we hope to take further at the company. Thanks for your input, support and understanding. - Charlie
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
The job is not up to the individual's whim.


If we make such a choice, we will not be able to recruit the right candidates for this position.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
https://goo.gl/forms/QQ5oCQzc6Kj8mQQ4QCQ5P4w5VvX1PpHnkUVqVw1vbUZr8cU7Cjb3tqwUg5U8z7Oq9i8T0dwg2A1V9xH2IuN-tK6KmY5Vw9RcYUWU8wD1r5qCZt6YkXhYWd5A5U5wU8b8CJTz9FJ8k4W9L6VQe8C9gVlqR9t9JpG4E9vK5qDv1Q2A8c2W9yUu9eB8GmYJzw5aGnDQsXqnTZpI5Wx0bW_0rF9i1cGtL8s2L4RzjdKmU9t9bZW0a6WVjhB8Tj6MvR8q9yUdK4rZjYJhZGtJ8wBc5U1g6kPjhv5qdCdZ9hY3sDXmSVp4-RxnH2JzU8kG9X9iX2lTkXJdW5JnRtjxLjhb9pKg5U8z7SkxnC0IycGU9UQsA9IyvGmFbxlHjd5U3K4Tmw5C1LkFc3SbZkZQyU8dK4U4zQW5E9nTc6-KXdwD5k7g4K5iX2c4PbD2vI1B7TkX2wYHZpzlMtQ5Q0YYjcWd6g4U9mIyVlDq6B1Yp9lOuC7lM5XzK4NtLcjZU8s6
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 1 votes
Diana: 1 votes
Bob: 1 votes
Charlie: 1 votes
