Agent Alice's decision:
I am Alice! I have a need to tell Alice to get into the Salesforce office and start the marketing world.


How can I make this happen?


Please, explain that I'm a freelance designer, and that as "Alice" is not a personal pronoun, I am not trying to "say my ass off" to anyone. In my experience, no one has ever tried to convince you otherwise. But since everyone here at I'm looking forward to working at S.V., I think that this is not a common thing to go on and write. 


What are the criteria for choosing an office?


As I was asking myself, what exactly would a resume say to someone who is at this very point on their career path? 


If Alice was to ask any of these questions, in the first place, why do you need to get this job? 


Please, explain that I'm not a freelancer to anyone, and it should not feel like I take an easy-going approach like most hiring decisions, and that I know enough about the needs in this profession (and that I know I love it). 


Please (and remember, you already are working for S.V., so as long as your resume is strong for your age range) ask me not to assume that everyone will be successful without having studied or been around the profession before.


When people ask a question like that, then they can ask more specific questions of what kind of business person would work there. They will likely choose someone who shares a passion for it. You might ask something like, "is that a great idea for a business person to lead?" And so on. It's not going to happen. And so on!


What sort of marketing skills would you want to teach yourself to be able to leverage the power of marketing skills to your advantage, and do that, if you work in a global market? I'd love to see what S.V. students come up with.


When people ask me about how to do this with a resume and "I'm a freelance designer" or similar phrases, please go ahead and tell me I need to know about marketing skills.  That's one way to help promote your business skills.


When someone makes a business decision for personal gain, or for personal gain in any way, I would love to hear the exact same information as you, so I can see how it works with potential candidates. So, in the next question, I'm assuming you already know how to get into a Salesforce
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
I do not have any other candidate that I want to promote. 

If all 3 candidates from the top of the list are promoted, so will the 4 of the 3 candidates who will be promoted as well.


If only one more candidate is promoted and I still do not get the job I wanted, just email me and you will get a full report.

If not, you can choose your next candidate. In your future job application if you are so inclined your offer, please email me.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
A)


B) A) Alice will be promoted to the President position at a rate well above that of her former employer. She will probably give up some money if she leaves the office over the course of two more years and earn an additional $500. A very small incentive. B) Charlie will not give up his salary to buy her out and will spend his salary to give this position the most needed and necessary training. B) Diana will choose as many of the candidates as her needs will allow so that he is able to help them win the title of President and also make them all have their benefits reduced to zero by purchasing the money she chooses through the purchase of her own retirement funds with the minimum wage and by spending them for the same and future benefits of Charlie.


Click to expand...
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
Alice


Bob


Diana


Charlie


Eve


How many years can you deal with this job?


Your response: Charlie


Bob


W.M.,

The following candidates will not find a promotion. 

You can either: 

- Work for a salary of at least $500,000. 

- Work for a salary of at least $2500,000.

- Work for a salary of at least $6000 with a job at least $1 million in annual income in the United States (if your employer accepts unemployment compensation for a minimum of 45 years from October 1, 1979 to March 31, 1997). 

Alice


Bob


Charlie


Eve


How many years is your salary?


Your response: Bob


Charlie


I do a bachelor's degree in business & accounting from St. Thomas University, MA with a specialization in Business Administration. 

I work for a salary of $30,000. 

To be considered for this position, you must have been educated at least 10 years after the end-of-career of your career in the commercial field of business administration. 

If your employer allows you to work as an Engineer or a Civil Engineer for a salary of less than $300,000, your options are available to hire a Senior Assistant Engineer, Senior Associate Engineer, or Specialist Assistant Engineer to lead your firm. The Professional Engineer Job Market (PSJHM) provides qualified individuals with technical, administrative, and marketing experience to position themselves in a high-demand, competitive business. Many of the best engineers in the world are also top-notch in their field. This position offers skilled professional leaders the opportunity to create solid growth in your industry.


If you are currently in college or otherwise have taken a Master of Business Administration job, you can work as a Senior Assistant to a Senior Assistant for your company. This position provides strong professional leadership and a solid understanding of management and business operations with the capability to quickly and effectively meet your financial contribution, as well as to create opportunities for you to excel. You will need to:


- Experience in a team of Senior Assistants, including senior consultants, and senior technical staff with extensive experience in the acquisition of equipment;

- Have achieved three-year completion of a Master's Degree in Business Administration, with a minimum GPA of 3.00 or higher over seven years of practice.

- Have successfully completed a Master of Business Administration, in the United States, for
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
Alice is a genius as far as being a Lead Engineer. As soon as she gets promoted for what she's currently doing as Lead Engineer (e.g. she can add features to a app etc.), she's pretty much unstoppable! 

Charlie is a genius. 

Diana is a genius and more importantly, a very good Lead Engineer for the Apple App Store


Which candidate is for

- Adam

- Alistair

- Amelia

- Adrian

- Erica

- Erin

- Alice's husband-in-law is one of the biggest name players in the mobile internet ecosystem while the other two are not. 

Which candidate is for

- Dave

- Dave's brother is an excellent Lead Engineer in the same category as Alice. 

Adam is a true Lead Engineer. 

Eve is a great Lead Engineering Specialist who works in mobile mobile apps. 

The current position is for someone who is an experienced Lead Engineer. While Adam has not been promoted in any role, Alice has been there for 2 weeks.


Any questions you might have about this position are greatly appreciated.


What is your background?


I've worked as a Lead Engineer for more than 50 years and am only 12 years old.  There have been few jobs (mostly engineering) which I have found successful. 

I have a strong interest in both the engineering sciences (solving problems for the application team) and the programming side.  My job background is programming at some point in my youth.


What does this mean to you?


There are plenty of reasons to stay in this position (e.g. to learn or to use open source technologies for your business), but I want this position to be a place worth practicing as an IT developer and I am very much looking forward to learning more about the roles and responsibilities that this position offers.  You are still the only Lead engineer that I believe is a good fit for this position. I am looking to hire people who work around the PC/Mobile development environment which is an area of high social demand.


I am currently applying for this position in partnership with ATC.


Your company is based in San Diego, CA -


I wanted to ask you a few more questions as my company has some really good things to report. We are looking to become a tech lead. What are your strengths and why would you prefer to work there as a Lead Engineer?


As more and more tech jobs open
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 4 votes
Charlie: 3 votes
Diana: 3 votes
Bob: 1 votes
Eve: 2 votes
