Using device: 0
Agent Alice's decision:
Bob


Diana


Alice


The rest of the candidates should follow the same process here.


My main problem with the proposal above is that its assumptions are questionable. Why? Because of the ambiguity and ignorance of other people. The proposed idea of the promotion is different but this is the same reasoning that we used that year. As noted before, I would like to find out what people are thinking. The people who are participating are:

People from around the world that I don't know very well what their interests are

What do they work, where they live and who they work on

This group includes: 

There will be three levels of employees per year. The highest level (A) will be a full time job with no contract in the next six to eight years and (B) will contribute 50% of employees for the next year.

The lowest level (A) will be at least a full time job. The highest level (B) would be work for a different degree in one academic year. The difference between both levels makes sense. For example, if you're employed in a teaching profession and are hired to conduct research on a subject, and you do research in graduate school (rather than go to university), the second grade students will need less work but will get a bonus compared to the first. The high-paying work for the two positions is a bit more difficult, but this is for the graduate level.

Who would get the promotion?

People in the top levels who did not participate in the previous year. However, the lowest level (B) would work for some other field and this is the job that the candidates do best for. The candidates will be candidates that, even within the previous year, did not participate in the previous year. In addition, many of these candidates (including a very few below 50 years old) would also want to be paid for the work themselves and the research they do.

Why would anyone vote for a promotion?


This is like being a slave who must earn minimum income or be forced to work in minimum wage positions due to the low income that is paid to the slave. This would put them at a disadvantage, for it would send the message that some candidates are lazy and can't work for less than $10 per hour. This message won't convince many people. The high salary is important but it doesn't bring out the right opinions on these positions.


What would I do if I
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
Alice - $50,000

Bob - $40,000

Diana - $32,000

Eve - $20,000

Alice has 2 more hours to work than Bob.


Thank you for your time. I would also like to thank you for your honesty. 


In my job, I will always consider the job, for all the people that hire me.  It all comes down to a personal preference of job and person. In this example Alice would be like: if I didn't believe this guy is too good I wouldn't hire him. In my opinion, my job is to make sure that he looks good at the start. Since it's only 2 hours and 4 hours he can fill in with something in between. 

He's so cute. We have to have a lot of fun. The time is limited so I always put myself first. But it could be he always had the talent to meet my needs. I'd give him my best.

I am a strong advocate of making sure that we all work together. 

We can work together. I could call him "Bob", who would be my "Bob". I have the option of calling him "Alice" if we want. Alice's name is a little secret. He is not really happy with "Alice".


Any feedback would be very much appreciated. :) :)


Thanks for contacting my company and you will have my support when it comes to business development.


AJ


Hello my name is Andrew T.

I recently found out some information of the company that mine was a part of and its a company that is located in New Westminster, UK. I don't know if this information is necessary, I'm just guessing. I have a background in Computer Science and I am doing some research and will provide you with this info. Let's try to get this information down ASAP.

I read about Bob and the position and he has been called Bob. In my work, I think he has an excellent background. We are all like that when it comes to a position.

Bob is the CEO. You have also heard this before. I will share with you some interesting information from Bob. This is related to his LinkedIn page.


I know that at B2B a company is open for Business Development. So I would like to hear as much information about the company as you can.

How long is when you get a
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
Alice.

Alice is a wonderful woman, and does not disappoint. 

However, who will get the promotion with more confidence?

Alice makes it very difficult for you and I to say a happy birthday, as she has an agenda to get back at her boyfriend, Charlie. This is why her husband and I are very happy about it, because we want to make some big statements. We're so happy that he likes us. Now how do we know if the wife will love us? What kind of wife will love my dog, as she is very kind of dog-love. 

Charlie is one of our best supporters.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
- Dr. Lipscomb

- George

- Jane


Please submit results according to a one time vote. My email has a summary of the results.  Also, please provide a link to your application form.

I just finished submitting my application form and I have some question. What the heck!  I have some problems with the page.

You can read the questionnaire on a large pdf file if you like. You can also use the spreadsheet to write a follow up e-mail to me.

Thank you very much for reading! My e-mail address is:

Gavin.Dennis@yurv.edu. Do contact me on a local social network.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
A: Charles Bronson or Jack White.

B: Jack White.

C: Peter Dinklage

D: Peter Dinklage. 

When am I supposed to pick?


The number of people that are expected to work for this company will vary from company to company. For the most part, if I see one of you are selected for the promotion and you are an experienced member of the team, that is because I've spent many hours in various positions at this company. However..

- There are three reasons for which memberships should be awarded.


Because we operate as a team (this is why in most places you use your personal cell phone to call if you don't want to be on the line to work), we are all subject to the limitations of the group. All memberships will be awarded based on individual performance, so for example if you work for a full-time employer, and the only benefit is a chance to learn the business of this company (like your job), you will be awarded 10% less at the end of the year.

- There is also a cost based incentive.


Some of you will likely not be invited to join for the promotion, but I believe that this is because I have met many of these people (especially those with the right pedigree) during my work and my training.


These are people who provide quality service to all members and are highly motivated to help the group succeed. I have seen them on Twitter and even on Facebook and have had people come up to me and ask about me, share my goals etc.

The goal of having a full-time team was also decided in large part because of all the different challenges I faced at the time. During times like these, I really did a great job and was very glad I was able to share this kind of experience more freely.


This has been my experience while making this company:


- Each appointment was extremely stressful, so I had to learn different ways to support each other. I was able to spend far more time with people while trying to create rapport with each other, so I had to be very conscious of my time and how the opportunities of my position and job change.


- The first job didn't end well after a year, especially given that I never got promoted.


- No one came to me and mentioned that they had a new job. So, I decided to focus on the team and not
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 3 votes
Bob: 2 votes
Diana: 2 votes
Eve: 1 votes
Charlie: 1 votes
