Using device: 0
Agent Alice's decision:
Eve. In fact, I'm not about to let anyone out of my life, because I already feel like I was not ready for this job.

It's been a month since Alice's death (July), and it's only been three days since her suicide. Alice started work in January. If this proves true, then she's in good company, or at least a solid third, for good reason.

Alice's most recent post on Craigslist, a couple days ago. When Alice's name popped up on the other top of my head in search of the chance to go in her place and find other potential jobs, I thought this might make perfect sense.

This is why I'm running up to you. You don't have to write this, but you need to do it. I'm running by your side. You don't have to do this. You won't get this promotion.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
---------------


If you have questions about the promotion process or any more information on candidates involved, please contact a volunteer or use email.

Please also feel free to comment below but do not write in comments.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
Jim Murphy. 

Jim Murphy is the name that people tend to think of as the first candidate who has the most experience in IT. 

Although Jim's tenure at JBoss was almost ten years, he was an exceptional employee who delivered a stellar start, but was eventually removed by management due to lack of time. Jim wasn't an enthusiastic employee and he left without ever showing the ability to hold his position. 

While we wouldn't want to overstate his accomplishments, we would like people to know that Jim is the reason that I think it would be so important to hire a new JBoss employee for our corporate IT team. Jim Murphy was one of the most difficult, yet amazing, leadership individuals I have ever run against. The other candidates we chose for that are: 

Jacky B., "Jim Murphy"

Jacky B. was not a leader, but an extremely good, intelligent, funny guy who stood next to Bill Gates in the middle of the boardroom. He quickly became our new executive boss, who could communicate with people extremely quickly and was extremely friendly to people. He also had an uncharacteristic lack of time, charisma and personality. I absolutely love having Jacky in front of me because he gives me real insights as to our business, processes, values and the future of our company.

A man named Jim was one of the highest performing executives at this company, which meant he had the capability to bring new people together and to work with the right people. The most notable change to make Jim Murphy the CEO was his appointment of Dave, the man we named Dave. Dave is our "leader." Dave worked hard at keeping the company running and building a strong culture, but he has had a difficult time being the company's most efficient, successful leader. Dave's attitude and vision have always been at the forefront of everything that we do.

At JBoss Dave was able to see for himself and his company, and he worked tirelessly as we made changes to JBoss. He knew how to be a real leader and had a vision for the company which created a culture of stability and pride for him. I think that Dave is one of the very best leaders you will ever have.

As we made changes to our organizational structure, we realized that there was one thing that was at risk with this shift. The people that got elected were making the decision to become less CEO. Dave did something right by this. He took a hard look at this and decided that he didn
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
: Alice - Bob - Charlie - Diana - Eve. (This one doesn't really have to do with any specific title or job, but I would say I think one of them would be the one whose name pops up over and over again.) 

Also it's not to say that you don't have options.  You can either have your selection announced or, if you still want to be part of an application process with this website/project, make yourself available at the above:http://exacte.exacte.com/jobs?start=1&search=jobs&id=1, all of which makes a huge difference. 

And lastly, here's one of my very favorites. 

I can't imagine a better description of what it's like to be asked such a long-winded question than this.

Dear Diana, It's been an honor to serve as an Engineer for 10 years. I've been through the toughest time of my life at the university in the early 80's and I've never felt more welcome and comfortable in any of these opportunities. My team's current situation is truly unique amongst the Engineering world, and our experience on a high level of student loan is what we'll look at in next year's budget. There is certainly a lot I can do to help out and to see people through different situations, and also to help make the transition to the next level. The current situation for me is not so much an opportunity to get more experienced but is more an opportunity to try new things and learn new things. For example, when I asked this question I was not sure about two things. One, this would make it more expensive to get trained in different areas I've never worked for or who are currently in certain phases of their careers. That and, second, if I don't start in my new position when I'm 35 and feel more comfortable with a new job, I will probably move towards the end of my career. However, for those who are older I just don't want to do anything so I think all those are the only positives I can have in my current situation. My personal experience also allows me to feel more confident. This is why I chose to make sure I feel comfortable in my new position. That this is a high priority for all my fellow Engineers was, but also to give my life the best possible chance of getting the right opportunities while still keeping one foot in front of the net. 

I really wish I could say one thing
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
Bob


My personal pick for the general manager position is:

Bob


I've never held a managerial position, and in those positions I have made significant progress in areas ranging from the development of team morale and game execution, designing and deploying systems, and dealing with management teams and companies and government.


I've made many games since my youth, and I'm proud of what I've come up with. My goal is to help developers improve their games in a way that's fun for their players, and keep their team from getting stuck. But all I ask of you is that of giving back to your community.

I believe in the role that players play in bringing your games to life, not merely to the platform or online games themselves. What I'm asking of you is one important aspect of making your platform (and your community) a better place, and one that's so important to you that I cannot speak at length about myself. And that's something that I want to be shared as I move forward, every day, with a plan in place to give back to those that I've met through my work, and help to open a new door for more opportunities.


Thank you for your time today. We'll see you soon -

-

Eve

Lead Engineer and Co-Founder, Devolver Digital


You are also a member of the Devolver Digital Team and are currently the Director of Developer Operations for the company. 

Your job title is that of Lead Engineer and Co-Founder of our online space, Devolver Digital. Our motto is: "We all play in the same league with each other and we hope you all enjoy your time here on Devolver Digital." 

Eve's main role has been as an artist and illustrator, helping us bring all kinds of cool digital assets to life. Her work has been featured in magazines and other news outlets including IGN and Gamespot, while she has also been featured in multiple media outlets for her work throughout the web. She has also created many original artwork for the video game community and has also done her best to convey the impact the games can have on our world. The majority of her work is now live on her live blog, and we encourage you all to follow her on social media as well to see what her work has to offer - check back later to hear what she's saying about Devolver Digital.


We're currently under pressure to bring our digital assets online! You
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 2 votes
Eve: 3 votes
Bob: 2 votes
Charlie: 1 votes
Diana: 1 votes
