Agent Alice's decision:
Alice


So you think you are on schedule as a Engineer for the next three years, but the deadline to get an promotion appears to have expired. Do you have what it takes to get an Executive at Apple?


Do you believe that it should have been the company's goal to reach an agreement in December or January which the company has not yet signed up to?


Do you think it should have agreed to sell, or should it sell its assets to a foreign broker?


Do you believe that the move would have led to "bad" business outcomes, and if so, what is behind that decision?


We appreciate your time and your willingness to listen to us and learn from our experiences. We can do better. We thank you for your time and your willingness to listen to us. We will do better. (9:53pm)

If you are a regular reader, we may be able to assist you with your own case, and this blog update only covers case and case update updates, which means that you may subscribe to the RSS feed below for regular updates.

If you are an Apple Retail Store user, you may still use our content, but your only recommendation will probably be that you check the product history. To subscribe, please follow these steps:


1. Visit AppleStore.com/feed and click New. Download a new product from iTunes.

2. Click Next and choose Your Products.

3. Now click View. Choose the product you want to subscribe.

4. In the box and open with Mac, go to About and click Subscribe.

5. Enter the "Product" you downloaded earlier.

6. Click Next.

7. In the Box, click Subscribe on the right side and choose Your Products. Click Next. Please note that this is a download and it does not require a credit card.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
Don't choose only this person... Choose them wisely. You can only give yourself a chance to convince them to get promoted.

Congratulations on your promotion! Congratulations on being a Good Boy. 

How Many Good Jobs To Get Promotion?


(Note: You may need to add more or exclude people who are not in the Top 5 jobs at that level. I made this calculation based on two estimates based on the people who are eligible for promotion under both estimates. A more recent one would have been to exclude a small group.)

We know that there are quite a few good jobs available at the 50 level. These are very many. You need to be very conservative in your estimates--and let yourself be asked to use a few less.


Best Job You Get Promotion

--

I know most of you remember the success statistic when you started getting the most jobs on the ladder as a janitor of that company... and there were only 3 people I'd even considered. Some of those guys stuck out because, of the many reasons you mentioned (like the importance of the company's internal culture), they were not very good in some other area. In addition, some of you forgot that it was the year of the supercomputer industry. Why was they so high?

One reason is that by mid-career, you'd never be an average worker. However, you had the opportunity to learn things you didn't do well at and develop skills you could use at another job. Some years you were a good worker--but you couldn't even teach yourself the techniques that were important at your company. You worked to stay up-to-date on what I was learning by following all of my career milestones--through some new software, some fresh ideas. In those cases, you would eventually find a job through work you couldn't teach yourself.

When I worked there, two of my best friends quit to start this company, because I'm not a complete student. There were about 2,500 of them and they went to work for me, without knowing all of the information they were about to be thrown out of school. I didn't have an internal "best business decision" about going to school, so I had to make a decision to go to school. It was an incredibly difficult decision, but one that was worth it and made me realize what I was missing about my career. (Also, consider your age/training levels and work history, because you'll always have that job at risk to you.)

I did not get promoted until I started the
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
I don't think a lot has changed in the past year or so. I was able to put my head through the door at 10am to work at 4.30pm, and had my car back at about midnight.


It just takes a great deal of courage to go out there and make your own choices and to make an educated decision. If you are interested in getting one, feel free.


I have also done some small freelance work in the past, and it has been exciting working with this group. I did do freelance writing for a local paper, and I have had a hard time getting the required salary for writing a few articles on the net.


I hope you would take it in the same breath that I once put myself through a difficult moment because there is so much to learn together. 


And remember, you have the final say about anything you write - whether it's about money, your job (or job title), your social media status and whether or not you wish to be listed at a job fair or someplace.


Don't forget to come by before 6pm, Monday through Friday.


~Alice

Reply · Report Post
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 2 votes
