Agent Alice's decision:
----


(Please include your best 3 suggestions)


The best 3 recommendations were


Alice should get promoted to the Engineer position so that he should have a chance to win the promotion so that he doesn't let them abuse his position as an Engineer.

Also included are 2 advice: *1. Be in good shape and not work hard so when he is promoted to the position and when he is promoted to the position doesn't work for you.

*2. As in Bob, try to be a good and professional with good sense of how he should do.

*3. Be honest with him and be honest about what he should and shouldn't do or tell him in a situation where he should.

Please include all 3 tips as your 3 Best 3 Recommendations.

Please use 2 simple words like "Good Work ethic" and "Good Intentions" below, they will have a significant impact on your final decision you make for each day you work.

When is a promotion important? Well in reality it is the one you will make for an important reason such as work, get promoted and start looking for opportunities within your company in a more sustainable way.

A lot of companies do away with the promotion on the basis of money (more money is often the best and easiest way to attract and retain people) but it should NEVER be at all.

People and companies are very short on money, so you will notice most of the big names who are getting a big promotion in their life in their short time at the company.

The most effective way to go about hiring candidates is to use 3 simple words:

- 'Good work ethic' or 'Good Intentions.'

Use the words 'Good Intentions' and 'Good Work ethic'

A great example is when they are being recruited for a major agency. Here is how the hiring officer was able to recruit the most qualified and qualified candidates that have the highest interest in their company (with the highest interest being in business and marketing).

They want to know which applicants they should be promoting. The following candidates are more likely to be in the position (assuming they do not give any more reasons. As is usually the case with jobs in the online community, they choose people they consider attractive).

A few examples:

- Jim (I did a lot of work on a few companies over the last few years. I also have great personal relationships with many of my employees, especially when I am in positions where I would like to be. I often work
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
We think Bob is the best candidate for promotion as much as Craig is talented. There is not one good guy here who is a perfect match with the rest of the team but he is the only one we think Bob is a better fit for.


We think Craig is the best candidate for promotion as much as Bob is talented. There is not one good guy here who is a perfect match with the rest of the team but he is the only one we think Craig is a better fit for. - Bob
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Craig's decision:
Alice: What kind of compensation can I offer for your service?

Bob: I have always accepted payments for what I do. I accept compensation for what I do. But I do not accept this compensation. I have been given, by the Labor Secretary (Mr) Andrew Neil, $12000 each. My salary is $13,000 which is why I don't accept any compensation, no matter what I do. If I accept this for you and want it in return, I have to pay your salary. I haven't been giving anything so far. If I do accept it, it would make sense for you.


Why don't you sign up for the payroll and get a better contract?


Alice: You may have to sign up for the payroll and get better contract (see what I did there)? It shouldn't take you 5 years. You have had to pay $7,000 for most of it, but that is what I did for you.


Bob: And what I have been doing for you, is that I have been working at a company called N.B. for 10 years. My job (actually, for N.B.). My job is to make sure every human is paid an excellent wage for their skills. A decent salary is what I expect to be in the coming period. That includes, but is not limited to, paid benefits, health insurance, insurance to work for your family, and, of course, a place to live. So you have to think carefully about what you think about those types of employees, and what can you do to help them make that choice. We call it the "free lunch." We would be happy to have you join us and help you make that choice. It's important not to rush it, because it could be the end of these jobs. However, if you're looking to work for you, we'd be happy to help you. We've been doing it for 30 years. So be sure to give us your best shot of getting back to you as soon as you can.


I want to get in touch to ask about your experience if you would like to be an independent contractor.


This is just an invitation. If you're a contract taker or freelance, let me know and we'll do a follow up with you.


Thank you.


Cheers.

Alan
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 2 votes
Bob: 3 votes
