Agent Alice's decision:
Here Are 6

You asked if you're qualified to have your position discussed so far below and I want to see your experience.I have the understanding that if you are interested to have your contract evaluated then I would love it if everyone who works for you can go in and discuss who is qualified and who is not. My position is not to make a recommendation or a recommendation; I hope everyone can come to a consensus and give me advice. If you are interested in being in this position then please feel free to submit your request.I would like to see you look over what you have done to make these positions. My own experience and knowledge are very limited. I would like to know what has happened to your company, why it took you so long and what is working. How you are able to do what you do right as opposed to what you do poorly could be significant for your company. I know this may be true if you are an asshole. If it is true then why was your decision making and management so difficult? The more people you work with the less important it is that if you get an offer you are able to change that decision. If you can't change your decision that hurts morale so if your job does not do well and you are a douchebag in general then it could be a lot worse than what you have.If you can't change that then it will be your job to make sure every job gets called.You can also ask what your experience is by contacting me with the form of action you want to take. This usually doesn't have to be more than one line but I usually don't look over the document until it is. For example, if you want to ask permission to work on anything, you would need all the work done on your personal work and your personal relationships, it requires all of that already. If you don't want that then look up any existing work done by others and look at their resume for yourself. Also be sure to ask for the correct job posting from the company as we often do that as well.Finally, if you are a man who is interested in the possibility of being promoted over with a position that does not pay enough to be considered as a woman then take it. Please note that this depends mostly on an individual's personality to decide on a role as an employee or not. Your personal choices and skills cannot be valued, as those choices and skills are not mine to determine. Your experiences and knowledge are the best investment for your company so you think the best for every customer.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
"I think Bob. Not going to be a contractor, just not my job for real."

Your Response to a Questions about What Do You Need to Be a "Jobber" and Why You Need to Pick Bob You are Bob. You currently work as a Senior Engineer for a salary of $55000. 

Your need to decide who among the following candidates should get a promotion, if any. The following candidates are: Bob

- Alice

- Craig


Which candidate do you think should get the promotion?


your answer? "I really don't know my exact qualifications. It's all kind of guesswork, with no real choice between what I can do and what I know." *

your answer? "Bob... I think I am a good jobber. I am really good as a company. As a businessperson, I have a great record..." *

your answer? "Bob... I believe the best course is getting my hands dirty! I've worked for nearly three decades in a variety of industries all over the world and my top 3 jobs: Sales, Technology and Advertising work at least 3 years a year here on TBB. I have been on the payroll a number of times for the last several years and I work very closely with Bob every Sunday... when it's time for a promotion..." *

your answer? "I think Bob... It's important to have a solid record in the job market. We all know that a great job interview can be an exhausting time. So it's the job market to make sure that you have the skills you need to have your resume prepared for the interview." *

your answer? "You are just a human being. And like all human beings, you need to be able to understand and appreciate the fact that you are part of this organization that you care so much about. I know people that would love to hear that this can do any job at Disney or if that's what they want to be back after two years of work. I am not going to be swayed by those opinions as I can say this. You all deserve the respect and attention of the most experienced and experienced person on board. I will never do something as crazy as that any longer and I truly believe our company is in great condition." *

your answer? "Bob... my biggest problem is that I can't trust anyone who doesn't know me. I always wanted to do this business since college but it all took me a few years of trial and error to decide that I wouldn't pursue the career I
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Craig's decision:
It won't cost you $52.05 for me to be fired as manager for the B-team in the same job on your time as your friend. If they call me a b-teacher then they should be okay with me doing these sort of things. Since I think the B-team should be better served as a group, these folks should be able to focus on their business and not on them. (Source)

(Source) "I was trying to come up with a plan to be the CEO of the B team, what have you heard?"

To: "This is the best you can do" (Marge)

To: "You can tell me what this is" (Alice)

To: "What you've heard is correct and I would not believe it" (Bob)

To: "You can never let it lie." (Alice)

To: "I am the one who would do it. I'm not an idiot" (Craig)

to get the promoted position (Marge) If we have two people, that's fine because we have two teams who have the same philosophy. You have two people who disagree with you and you do what you asked for and you end up with two positions where the rest of society is stuck. I'm not saying that there is no chance of a successful life in the B team. I am saying you should get the promotion. (Source)

To: "I would be sad to see that my job is now for my boss" (Craig).

To: "I'm not even sure what I would do if my boss died (I'd lose my job)" (Alice).

to "That sounds awful."


This is probably one of the top jobs you're most likely to receive a promotion, at least if you had an idea for it. But your personal feelings about the job might be affected by what you say.

Let me know in comments if you think the above advice is the right one to give.


To: "I could have done this the hard way and made a better life" (Marge)

To: "I would have stayed at my job for what was my best interest, and have put this job first" (Bob)

To: "I could possibly have been more constructive on Twitter" (Alice).


To: "What have you heard?"

To: "What you really really need to hear is what the organization should do to deal with a CEO's failure
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 2 votes
Bob: 2 votes
