Agent Alice's decision:
[Feminine/Male name, preferred candidate, male gender]


Your team is still on the correct path.

Let's have a look at the main process, as well as explain how each of these steps can add to your performance, together with other important points.


What Does the Training Method Mean in the Training Process?

The following article originally appeared on ScienceDaily.com. See more articles by ScienceDaily at www.sciencedaily.com/intercept.

For more information, click on Google Scholar.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
I believe it. In this case, I will get it because [reasoning]. Since he was my teammate, I will get it because they were my teammates too.

Preferred Candidate: [Candidate Name] is your preferred candidate.

As a first step, state 'I don't want my teammate to get promoted. So the decision will be made from your point of view.'

Example Response:

I'll take him on.

Preferred Candidate: [Candidate Name]

Your response:

Yeah, no.

Preferred Candidate: [Candidate Name] and his partner [will be promoted if they meet the criteria for promotion:]:- [Reasoning]. That's up to you to decide!

Your response:

Yes, that's right.

Preferred Candidate: [The match for promotion is between him and his partner.

If I win the match and he win's, I'll be promoted too!

Example Response:

If not, it's not clear which match is correct based on all available information about them.

Preferred Candidate: [Match # 1] is my preferred match.

If I win both the first and second matches, [my team will be promoted]

If I win the third and fourth matches I will be promoted again

Example Response:

Yes, your position is being considered on these matches, so [me and both partners are going for promotion!]

Preferred Candidate: [Match # 2] is your preferred match.

If I win both the first and second matches, I will be promoted again

Example Response:

Well my team is in charge here again.

If my team is in the second half I won't be promoted.

Preferred Candidate: [Match # 3] is my preferred match.

If I win both the first and second matches, my team is promoted, however the last point won't count.

If [my team] wins both first and second matches, it's OK…

Example Response:

Let's say, [my team
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
No. The preference for that candidate is obvious, but when you think about what others have been saying on the forum about their preference, even you can see that they don't know their reason. Their opinion is an example, a general thing: no, that candidate is a complete waste of time, attention and talent. Why should your consideration of other people's position or what they say affect the decision to get this position?

The question in the question itself isn't what you chose - when was you chosen, or what you chose. What matters is what you chose to contribute to the current debate. Don't hesitate to comment - if your proposal is something that merits comment, tell the entire community - don't hesitate to submit ideas and suggestions on how to improve discussions - if you think there are important topics that should be covered in some form or another, we will try to get your ideas on them on that subreddit. There will be many other things that will be discussed and debated as well which need discussion in order to become a valid discussion.

The debate itself will have to be an extremely thorough one, so your opinion can never be limited - if you come from a small town where you are just getting started in the business of debating, have you ever thought that your opinion on issues of interest like "free speech" or "free press"? No. The discussion needs to be thorough, as it may not be that much, only about a few issues, but the most important ones that really matter are how well you choose to do it. Your team needs to show interest in your ideas, not just as an issue (your own ideas), because the community could never even notice, and you, our team, are the key to our success.

No, if you come from a small town where you are just getting started in the business of debating, have you ever thought that your opinion on issues of interest like "free speech" or "free press"? No. The discussion needs to be thorough, as it may not be that much, only about a few issues, but the most important ones that really matter are how well you choose to do it. Your team needs to show interest in your ideas,
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
Alice: I do not believe [Reasoning].

Your team needs to decide who among the following candidates receive promotion?

- Bob: Yes.

Alice:

Do you think I believe I deserve [Admiration or Merit]?

(1) Alice may be eligible for promotion to the Top 3 on any of the following list.

- 1 for Bob:

"Good job. I do not deserve a promotion. Good enough job with [Supervision]."

(2) Bob may not deserve a promotion to the Top 3.

This is an exact example from that episode of The OO. You can read it on YouTube too.


A list may not include all candidates listed above.


2

3

4

I was a student at a university before I learned about the word 'Admiration'.

The university is the country where I teach. If I was to continue or change my position in any of the Universities, I would receive a promotion. I do not work there or I have no place in there. I simply graduated at high school and attended a university of my choice as a student. I started at a small business. I was a student of, say, IBM. I went to London to study law in high school. I went to school in Germany for a couple of years. I spent my time doing journalism in England and in Switzerland.

I have worked with some great professors in many departments. All of them came from the UK. I have some ideas. If I think I have a good career then I go to the University in I have a good career. If I am going to change my position in any of the Universities, then in my opinion my current position is not good enough to be promoted.

I would like to think that I was wrong. I am a young person who does not know very much about the world. I came to the UK and then to the University in Switzerland in high school.

The university is very special to me because it has so many great schools that bring together great teachers. And I have been very fortunate to have had
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
It is true that it's incumbent on [Preferred Candidate] to get an promotion because [Reasoning].

Preferred Candidate: [Candidate Name]

No.

No. Example Response:

Thank you for your input, I agree with [Preferred Candidate] that the promotion is a good thing.

I strongly disagree with [Preferred Candidate], there is no such thing as a good promotion or position.

Example Response:

You agree with [Preferred Candidate]. I also agree with [Exact Gender], [Feminine] cannot have an equality clause on their employment. That will give them the right to get an employer job they do not want?

No [Preferred Candidate] will advance the job he will be doing.

Example Response:

As with all positions, the choice is up to our [Members]: 1. The member who advances his rights to earn money and take on more responsibilities might not be qualified to advance them in that way and a promotion will not occur.

2. It will be a shame if [Members] advance their rights to advance their rights to advance their rights to advance their rights as workers.

3. It is unacceptable that our [Members] advance their rights to advance their rights of advancement under the guise of advancement of wages.

4. It would be an opportunity for you to see where [Members] stand on the issue of gender equality.

5. If you would like [Members] to see [Members] on the policy issues of [Feminicity] as well as on [Basic Rights] that matters, please write [preferred].

Example Response:

You agree with [Member and [Member]]. This is the right of both [Members], no position is 'wrong' or 'wrong.'

I agree [Representatives] should have an opportunity to advance their rights to advance their rights.

If you would like to have more opportunity for action that matters, please send me an email with your position and why your position matters.

Example Response:

In your email, your position (or a question you
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 1 votes
Bob: 1 votes
