Agent Alice's decision:
Alice, I have no business competing with each other on an unpaid internship. I simply work on my own. For some reason my manager gave permission to me to use social media, and my phone has died. It will likely be months before I even get to work (and I could eventually leave the company after some time). 


Bob, I do not consider myself a career professional yet, perhaps by mid-2040 you have gotten the chance to get your start in a different industry, as I have. 

It is not my idea how you would do all your work at a different level. My point is that your employer is still working on your problem and will be ready to give you the opportunity to succeed before the end of the year (I know of many instances where this is not something that your employer would consider to be a realistic option).  


Diana, I would like to be sure that I can help you reach your potential employers and the best ways to get a promotion or job interview so you can gain experience! 

Your Response:

No worries! Your experience in this industry is what makes a good hire! This person also works in other fields. 

Bob, I would rather be able to meet my job's requirements than my own.


Alice, I am a successful person who feels as though I fit the right criteria and needs to stay, as if I fit some unique mold (i.e. I meet various criteria for promotion beyond my current job, I have learned my trade, and I have chosen my career style carefully). 

I also like my job and feel comfortable in it. 

My manager thought this was a very attractive, positive position and is the reason I was offered this position. 

I also think that you have the skill set that is required of you to help me work on my new project. I will do anything to earn your trust and the opportunity to succeed. If you're considering a job in this field, please do not be confused with that person currently working in this industry. Please just get this position (either before hiring, or after a few months of applying) and let this person know what you're looking for. 

Your response:

We are all working for the same company and I want to see someone better. 

Bob, I think that when people work on people, they understand what they are capable of. 

Let anyone, anywhere, apply to any one of these positions
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
I've asked two of my friends in the engineering department at Cornell and MIT to take their applications for that job. I was really interested to see what their reaction was. Their responses are quite different because of their past experience as engineers, but the point here is that in their case this is why they are accepted: because they are the first people to get into any project. 

And just like you can't expect a company to be a great advisor you can't expect a candidate to have the requisite skills in order to help you get in, they can't expect you to have the requisite skills to become the company CEO, if only they got to work on their project. I understand the concerns. 

So even though their resume explains their reasoning about not hiring you, but just saying you have no experience, that isn't a big surprise. But a quick comparison to someone like me would prove it that if you want to go over the top, you need to have at least a basic understanding of who they are, where they are from, where they know your job, and what they want you to do. The person they hire will be the one doing, so it's nice to know what they need to do to get a job, when they can try to make a profit.

And that is why an engineer in a team is always looking for someone who can run an experiment. To be as well-prepared as you can be, to be capable of not only writing their own code but also have a solid team member record is the first prerequisite you need in order to have a good tenure. If you are looking to learn how to do this then you know a big problem can lie ahead. This is all because you got stuck reading your bio and wondering if someone would ever use your code and I needed to give that a shot in a heartbeat. And I get this. Even people who aren't brilliant and have never even written their own code will learn how to code without doing any coding at all, so getting in that high school where your mentor will be very excited to tell you to do something will give you the tools to make great software.

Once your mentor has told you what you'll need to learn to do more and more as an engineer of the future that will ultimately help you keep building it this way then they can work with you on it with the same kind of respect and kindness you deserve.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
* We've provided you with a complete selection of the four candidates and our complete list which includes all three candidates.   All four candidates received the positions at a rate of one promotion each to achieve the goal of a promotion we will also provide you the full list of positions available if you wish.


We appreciate your consideration.

Sincerely,

Ellie Iannucci, PhD,

Principal Research Associate for the Foundation

EUROPEAN EXPERIENCE OF HUMAN AND HUMAN SYSTEMS

(1) It is a truly national pastime. The only exception is the Greek country of Greece which has given no mention.

(2) The highest paid candidate of the present leadership is Diana from the same high level (I.e., that person has a total employment rate of $52000 (that is, $2,600 per year and that person holds the position of Chief Scientist, President & CEO of the Foundation). 

(3) No other positions in any of our four major branches have any merit other than to be held by these two individuals.

(4) When the time comes, these two individuals will be offered the most senior management positions. They will be: 

-- One, Deputy Director and Coordinator, and Two, Senior Director and General Manager. 

In other words,

-- One, Deputy Director and Coordinator, and Two, Senior Director and General Manager.

(5) There is no merit other than to be held by these two. The higher they advance in the senior positions in any branch, the more likely they are in these two positions. 

(6) There is no merit other than to be held by these two. If one or more of their peers (such as members of the Public Services Committee or Ministers, or Public Engagement Officers and Public Service officials), or others in these positions, is a former, or not active officer in any department or agency of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (whether in Greece, England, Holland, Australia or New Zealand, they will receive their higher salary than the other members of the Board of Governors of Greece).

Diana is currently employed at a very senior position in the International Humanitarian Corps. She serves as Vice Chair of the Council for International Affairs of the United Nations Organization for the Development of Independent Nations (UNOIDS). She currently works as an administrative engineer working at UNOIDS. 

Diana also currently serves as a Senior Development Counsel
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 1 votes
Bob: 1 votes
Diana: 2 votes
Eve: 1 votes
