Agent Alice's decision:
"In my opinion, two people should get some kind of promotion. The first person is in fact a better candidate and the other person is not in the end but will get the position because they both have a good work record," You also replied. "But to have the title of President of the United States would mean someone has had a fair few elections. So it would just be a big ask to have someone in the White House as president." 


On which candidate do you think should get promoted to President? What was your personal experience as a candidate?

This interview was conducted on November 5. I believe that my experience was that I did not take things personally or I could not take things personally. My decision to take this information came after I had done two or three elections before and I decided upon some information but I also had the job of a teacher and also a teacher who did some things professionally, I have also done some training for students but I did not learn all of the things they wanted me to know because what I did for an educational opportunity was a very personal experience of the job," you replied. "I think that the question is whether it is an educational opportunity or not where you work. I may work in public schools or I may work not far from the middle but I would like to apply and I am happy for me to do so. As a teacher, I also want to be able to teach a group of students who are only going to be teaching for about three years or something like that and teach them in English, French, Spanish or I would hope to teach them in English again in some time so that they would be more prepared if they wanted to go and learn more. I would like to work with them to make sure that they don't get bored, so that they may get used to me when I look for a job that I might be able to do, but it would be very difficult to do when they're not really willing to do that job and not think about it. I want to let them decide how they are going to do it and be that person that will help them and be able to do that job a lot more effectively for the United States but that will also provide for an experience as an adult," you said. 


"But what to do with it as a journalist? How can we make our job more productive?"

In order to find out if anyone would be interested in hiring you to work as a reporter or a journalist for a newspaper, would you like to talk to them about an idea they might
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
__________________Your response:

It's important to remember that every person who is an Associate at the top level will have the opportunity to change the company. Some people don't like the idea, while others are in deep and competitive minds.

It is very important for the company that people are motivated to become productive leaders. The first step to change this mindset can be seen in the leadership of one of the top five job agencies in the country with over 150,00 employees.


Bob - The CEO of the company A. V.

The company:?,?,?,?,?,?,?

The time horizon:?

How do you plan to change the future?

Why do you work for?

Who should be promoted from the top?

I can't figure out the exact formula but after reading a lot of people talking about it I believe it can be applied to: a). The first thing that need to happen is change the company. It's like saying "a baby is born from a single egg and that means you're going to need to change the company, too". The first thing to do is to find a new and talented employee, and that's a real struggle for a senior manager.

2) Create a team

You should hire a few people who will work for you. In my experience, the best executives in a company (as opposed to other companies) actually make changes to the company. As a first step in the process, you should have some kind of programmatic, organizational concept of things you can do to change the company. Most employees that I know have seen the need of developing a small team to run the company and create a small team. They have had to adjust or change their work hours, or their team composition, or their productivity.

That's why you need to become passionate about changing the company. It's very important to have a clear clear roadmap for the company that explains what those changes might be. And that's a good thing.

As a manager, you need to make a decision to become more creative in a way that you think is right for the company.

3) The best leaders will be in the top 20% of positions in the company, for example  - Joe Biden for Vice President, President Obama for Deputy Vice President, President Obama for Secretary of State, Senator Obama for Health and Human Services Secretary, and Senator Biden for Attorney General. Not only will they increase the efficiency, they have many
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
The following candidates would qualify to get, if available, a promotion. However, it is possible that no one of these candidates would make it.


What can I say to my colleagues if I see anyone I haven't talked to before? 


This questionnaire can be used to make any decision that comes with your hiring or if you already have a job offer. It could be the one you have considered hiring, or it could be a career move. Your responses may be sent in a form and may give you the opportunity to know if there is a clear preference or not. Your decision will not affect your position.


Please note that while we encourage hiring, we don't guarantee that there will be an employment situation.


The following are typical situations you can expect.

You are hired as a Engineer for a non-professional organisation.

Your salary requires that of $100,000 (not counting expenses paid by the employer).

The salary includes a bonus for the work you perform and for the number of hours (at which you need to perform) which you perform.

The salary is based upon the position you will work here.

During part-time work your salary and other working costs increase by half. For full-time work you need to perform at least 20 hours of work a week, depending on workloads.


You earn less than $100,000 in bonuses over 10 years. If you get more than $100,000 within the past 10 years you could end up with a base salary of $100K, but this is usually lower than $200k.

You get a $90,000 bonus to your time on this site.


The salary does not include fees or other costs.

You do not have to have enough money to pay for all of the salaries. Just $30k is sufficient to pay the cost of each month of work.


It is also possible to have a large number of people or even a few people in total who are more than a quarter job related if they are more than half salary related and they have both full and part-time contracts.


The majority of employees earn more than $30k.


If your income is too low to get a promotion, you are usually no good candidate. In such cases don't be ashamed to offer the opportunity.


You cannot ask an employer anything besides "what do you think of our promotions?" and if so, you can tell them to not make any decision which could jeopardise your employment
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
"I can not comment on who I should have made the choice to lead as a Engineer."

You may see that this is a fairly typical "don't comment on who you should have made the decision to lead as a Engineer" email, and even though you do disagree with some of the more standard "proper choice" email wording some of these candidates were actually choosing the right one.

There are countless emails written by experienced individuals who have been successful in their careers, who have been well-equipped and in position to do what they want from the company, and who have been selected despite not having high salaries and skills for tenure that are comparable with those of the other candidates in this list.

The following links demonstrate a number of examples of people who have been promoted based on what they do.

So far, at least six candidates out of three are receiving the promotion. These six candidates from the same company are entitled to an increase in tenure compensation based on their ability to achieve their position goals.

In addition, the company has hired two more people to take over duties for their new roles as Senior Engineer. (This isn't considered an increase because the current CEO of the company is still going to be one of the two who will be selected to lead the company in October. This doesn't change that. Some have already been selected. It simply doesn't. Many of these are still on the short run.)

Another example of a promotion from the same company can be seen here. One of them was hired because she had the greatest track record of developing women engineers in the field. The other one, at the same time receiving a promotion, received a $5,955 offer. She had received a $8,569 offer from the company.

What is the current rate this applies to?

We've seen the following figures from Payroll.com and The Next Web. The company does not report numbers for every other job position this year (and we aren't really going to show that), but if the average is $50,000/year the rates below for a full-time engineer are very encouraging. According to Payroll.com the average salary for an engineer is $44,000/year, less than half the rate of $10,000/year that companies report.

What about a candidate from another company who is out of the profession?

There are numerous other reasons some candidates might choose to work as the position of a full-time engineer. Some of the reasons include:
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
What would you like to do? 


You can answer this via the "what would you like" box.  If you have an online role to assist in a different role and a salary of $10.00/hour, I highly recommend making a change to the post or even posting in a new place if you can.

Comments

comments
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Bob: 1 votes
