Agent Alice's decision:
"So what, a new guy like I am?"


"I'm not going to say a whole lot about your career."


"Of course not. I am the guy who will be promoted to this position."


What's your opinion about current and future positions?


Your response: "How about a full time position that involves more than just a handful of people? It would be ideal.


"I would prefer to be part of the system and be responsible for creating some kind of plan."


"What about the current or the future of Bitcoin?"


Your response: "How about a full service (service) company?"


"You may also choose to get a new job (like my company) on the other side of the border."


Which candidate do you think should get the promotion?


Your response:


"I am a programmer who works at a company focused on the software side of things. He is doing the part that is needed when making a product that would have been much simpler just using the GUI (client design) and then creating a tool to create a real GUI."


What does your opinion be about current and future positions?


Your response: "I am a full time employee at Apple that works at the iPhone 2GS (in an Apple production line).


"I would also like to consider the possibility that the position may be a few years below Apple's level of development as well.


"I think that if that changes, the only job that should be available would be for an Apple engineer that is not running a single backend job. Which would leave a huge gap in the company's roadmap."


Are you an IT major?


Your response: "I have a background as a software development major. I like programming over engineering so being in a position you can lead a team to innovation will always give me tremendous pleasure and the most rewarding job that will suit you well as a person."


What is your opinion about current and future positions?


Your response: "I wish every CEO had the opportunity to take the time to learn from those who have given so much away. I would be happy to find people who know what they are interested in and have the discipline and knowledge needed to succeed.


"I have been very fortunate to have been in tech jobs for more than 30+ years. I have been able to learn everything that is required to hold an extremely challenging and often difficult job."


Are you an IT major?


Your response:
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
Alice is your first choice


Craig is my best option. He does not meet our requirements. Craig will get promoted if I am a good candidate.


Craig has worked in government for over 20 years and has some experience as chief of the intelligence division under the Bush administration. You are a good choice as my top candidate. Craig will get promoted if I am good. Craig meets my criteria at the company level and will get promoted if I am good.

I have worked with many top government agencies such as the CIA, FBI, NSA, and more. You have never met any of them, and I do not think there is room for any of them in you. You are very experienced, but I am not sure how well you know your job or how good your skills are in this area. I would like more of a position in your company."


Do you believe this company management should have a list?


Alice believes that they should have a list of everyone in their company at any one time. No company should have such a list until they want people to get promotions and keep doing the same things they started as a starting job in the company.


Have you worked with any top security company such as Amazon or a company that is in any way affected by this situation?


Can I give you a question or comment that could be of benefit to you? Yes - thank you
------------------------------------------------------------

