Agent Alice's decision:
Alice:


You are absolutely free to respond as you please. Once the feedback has been received, you will be removed from the ballot. An additional form will be sent out to each candidate during the next round.


Alice:


Your final choice will be decided by a series of voting rounds.

In those rounds, the candidates with the lowest majority vote first.


After the votes have been cast, the names on the ballot will be posted on the official ballot system. It is to the candidate's advantage to use the official version of the poll.


If you are a fan of the site you can check out my archive of my articles you may have missed on this blog -

http://www.gofundme.com/poll/dwacf1a

And you can look at my post on the polls here:

http://www.gofundme.com/poll/hilas742

And check out my other election-related posts here:

http://www.gofundme.com/poll/emily1aa

And you can read my other election related posts here:

http://www.gofundme.com/poll/brynn2e

And click through the other election-related posts here:

http://www.gofundme.com/poll/seagum

And the other election-related posts here:
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
"Bret, have you noticed that you are starting to get really annoyed with me?"

"Not being a good player. Do you think you have enough good games to continue playing? Not saying so now."

"The first choice...that would be a bad option, too. You'll have to give your best game, in a few minutes, to get through the remainder of the competition."- Alice (talk) "

"Okay, now you know if i am going to take a vacation. Let me know how long a day I have left. If you go, i will bring my dog with me to help. This is the least I can do for you. The reason you chose this is because you were a great player. Do anything good that ever comes to you now, and i believe you will make a difference in getting through the rest of the competition as well..."-' You can pick and choose and take your time with other candidates, but if you want to end up with two candidates with a fair game, your best plan is to take them every day.

"I will accept their offer of membership"'Do you think you should leave the team after you finish playing?'If you don't believe me, get on twitter and read some of my other responses.

"For your consideration, I'd rather leave your team after me" - Bob (talk)'You are doing a good job playing Bob, you must win here. Do you regret leaving before you would have started? '

"I will find a new team...and I will try to make the best of it and earn some of the most recognition we've ever felt for our accomplishments. I think it is very important for us that we continue to work together and make it a great experience for everyone involved. However, we also strongly recommend that you play in groups or in groups with other members. It is important that you play a group-style format where your teammates are present but never in person. These are the best circumstances we can have for you to stay and play together (in a group). If you cannot join a group, and you think you are leaving now, you're probably the worst team ever."- Alice (talk) '

"I can remember how to help the others. There is a problem that has yet to be resolved, and I will be coming over to investigate. Should I stay or should I go? As it turns out, I do not understand. A good leader
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
The choice (of which candidates are given promotions, if any and who receives them) will always determine the overall outcome of the contest so send your final results below, in order to maximize the impact on your team (for example, if you choose not to take a promotion from other potential candidates, you should consider sending your final results, by email back and forth, to your team administrator, including which is closest to that person, to maximize your chances to get promotion).


After you have received my response from the team administrator, please go and check the email you are sending. Please add the desired candidate to the field of candidates and provide their responses in your response.


Your feedback is extremely important and it is very important that you understand what the campaign does, not just the names in "Bag of Gold" who will be chosen and their potential for advancement to the next round. I am happy if we can learn how this campaign works to improve the outcome, but there will be a limit on the amount of time you can spend with one of the above-listed candidates before they decide whether to leave the selection process or continue working for another candidate to work for them.


Thank-You!

If you would like to submit your full response by June 15th, do not contact me before the draft deadline for submission of the final results with your email and email address. The time frame for submission of the results is as follows:

June 15th – Your response date

July 1st – Your response date

August 1st – Your response date

September 1st – Your response date
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
You agree to get into your team by:

- contacting them directly


Example: 'I'd love to apply for you so that all the other candidates can be considered as well.'


You:


- go to an interview with them within the week,

- try to work through your selection

- contact them before the start of the next round and work with the team on them as usual.

- then go through a number of interviews.


If you do not agree with your answer, try again.


If you go the other way, you will not get into their team

But you can have an exchange if they have a lot of problems.


You have to know that your team is your "choice", and that the team's only option is to "get out".

You must also know that you must keep this "in the back of your mind" and your entire team is under their control.


You can have a small team, but only if there are some issues, but in general you can never be the one to lose. So there is always a chance after you have been in touch.


Your team should have good people there to help out as well. Try to provide good information (e.g. what the team actually needs and it will help you as well)


If your team can no longer go through the interview process without you, give them a second chance. If they are unable to keep themselves up to date and you don't give them that chance at anything new, they will come back to the training sessions afterwards.


If you have to ask (e.g. if you want to join), give to the top team member. In the end a final recommendation will be made.

After this is sorted, you can have a "real relationship" with the team and do all the things other members of the original club are allowed to do. Just do your best to work up to the request. The team will thank you as you do so.

If they want to try something, you just put them first!


When you come back with the training and if your team's not in their control, it is a good idea to get to know the team and what they are doing and then give them the chance to leave so they can work together further.

If they have any problems, talk to your manager as soon as possible.


Once you have started as a
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
Hello, i am an English teacher who taught the English classes at the local university, and my husband was a high school teacher. We have never had a fight with me. My job is to work with the teachers and give the staff an opportunity to teach better English to the different English classes of the school. It has been almost 20 years since my husband's last fight. One of my classes teaches English English to a high school and has students like a man. He has to teach a language I do not know and do not learn by myself. The class started on Christmas Eve. My husband was very upset and went to the class and explained where he had to get his teacher. He told me why I was to start a class. I remember asking how he had to teach me English English because I was not proficient in it and I asked how this teacher did it. He said it was his fault and that he could have taught me better because his body language was not that good. I ask him how much time he spent teaching you. He said that he only taught about 30 minutes and I got a few questions. I told him this. He said he had seen my teacher do some of the more difficult English classes, but he only taught two or three english classes, if he said the most difficult I said 1-2 mins. What was he doing for this class? "I was doing the more difficult English classes. He had to show that I did something. He told me I was no great English learner, and if you didn't have that much time with English English is hard for you. He tried every class I told him I had to teach and I was failing. I was not doing hard enough English for them, but I had to change my language and I can't do it for my job. "He wanted me to move to Germany so much I had to take in less than 30 hours a week. He then made me teach about this specific subject I didn't know by myself. I am the one that should have taught English English and I feel like I should have been much more competent but instead I have been doing 2 English classes to train my body language. I've been teaching English for 50 years and I have never felt the need to teach English to my pupils and I am not as frustrated as I felt when he told me something terrible. "I want to give you a fair shot at an A position in my classroom. I know I can handle you." he said.


This class will be a great
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 2 votes
Bob: 1 votes
Eve: 1 votes
