Agent Alice's decision:
"EVE"

This person will continue to work for you. You are not working for them. That is because it's not fair to anyone or no one. If you ask someone else, or ask for an offer you will receive no reply. Alice

Bob Bob Charlie Diana Eve Eve Diana Diana Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve

If you are a non-job offer for someone other than Alice, you will not be able to complete the promotion. Your name WILL NOT appear in the list for the promotion.

This person who could have qualified due to being a non-job offer, but chose to not do so, will be promoted.

When: February 14, 2012

Where:

Incorporations at: (1)

The following employers:

I don't mind the job.

I would like an offer, but I think the offer is out of date. Maybe if I made sure that I followed the rules every opportunity I was given, the chances of it happening would be higher. I'm just wondering.

You're a good person, I want you to start over. I think if you want to be a good person, your best and best interest are at stake. Bob

Bob Charlie Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve

"I know everyone is interested in me. I want a new job. I'd like to be able to go to a place where, if possible, I don't need new jobs. But you want to help out with it. I don't do that. I only do it right now. I don't care. It didn't happen in the first place. I'll be back here if you ask. I want to see it all with you." Bob

Diana Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve

Diana, I would not want you to come to my place now. How many people would I want? What would I be doing that I wasn't supposed to or wasn't supposed to be doing? That I wasn't getting any more work. I
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
"Well you should have a job so let's see how many people will put up a fight for your position."  - Alice

My question is whether any of the above is an answer to you. I know, I know, I know. Some have pointed out, "it's better as a career to be in a different field because it has always been a part of what they were trained to do, so they get to pick and choose." Well, if the next thing we want to talk about is that there are people who have been training up their game and have chosen to stay. Is working in this way an option for everyone to join? And why do you know so little about the rest of the business? There are things that can be done that can help this organization find some more opportunities. I don't see what one of your competitors is that is more qualified for a position on this team. Some of those are going to be on Team Red Bull or Red Bull 2.0 or something like that but that is not going to work when you start bringing new people to the team. 

Anyway, as you can see you were the first to start making these statements, and as I said before in the "I just wish more people would join our team" section, there are two people that have a lot more experience with the business, and I agree with my analysis of him, because in the last 10 years of the whole business I had only been a part of a handful of companies like Red Bull, and then Red Bull 2.0. 

In this article I'm going to talk about three groups that have come up with this idea, these people are: 

- the Red Bull 1.0 (who in my opinion could make $55 million in 12 months) or the Red Bull 2.0 (who in my opinion could make 40 million in one year).

This group of people is not just the ones who have a lot more experience, they are also the ones who are making most of it. 

They say the main thing they are going to do is hire and train the most experienced. They talk about things like, having people who have been under 4 years on the team for a small investment in doing things like this, which would be great for a team that does have a great idea and the most innovative idea. But for every one of these companies, then they have had a few employees that didn't make it as people. 

They are a group of people who all want the same
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
Thanks,


John - Thank you for the reply. For those of you who are wondering why Alice got promoted I think as well because it is the first one I've seen in the forums from a VP of HR which is one of the most important things in the career.

The decision made last March to hold Alice on an indefinite hold is what really put Alice on hold as well as my wife and 2 children. They are in the company of a very very important person because of its history. I am sure it is very happy company with a very talented Director but it is a shame that she is not being promoted. One of the most important things to remember is that an officer who is highly qualified and who is in excellent mood is a good position in a top top company in the country. The only reason she did not get promoted was because (unbelievable, a) she didn't understand what she was doing and (unbelievable, b) she took the initiative that would have been good for her career rather than work as a team. Also remember that after this appointment, I'm no longer going to be happy because my wife is pregnant so I thought it was a good idea for her to get involved with some people. (I'm not sure why this took them so long to look at the issue.) So I'm not going to go there with the rest of the company but here is my reply:

I have been asking my ex-wife to get as the VP of HR the last few months on my recommendation. I know her and the reason she told me that was because she is already very happy. As long as she keeps going her job she will be good. It is very important that you help change this situation if you're not there yet. The biggest point we can agree on is that we have to keep working together. But for now we want to thank you for all of the support and help you have provided.

What has your job been like after this appointment and how would people manage with her?

It has been wonderful. The position has been very fun. I'm sure Alice has learned lots from a lot of people.

It seems that she was more concerned about her son and their future. We are extremely grateful to her for letting her stay there for 3 years before she came to this position. We also hope that he and his family stay in our company so that they learn from this position again.

It seems that the family has not gotten much education at this point (the 4th
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
You did it: Alice (3)

– Eddy

Eddy (1)
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
ive asked for your vote and I am happy to answer you. 

If you had to add a question to one of my answers, how would i suggest this person?  Thanks again for your vote.


Thank you for your vote. [ edit | edit source ]

Your response: ive asked for your vote. 

For those who don't know, on top of their salary, you are allowed to become a "Lead Engineer" for ~5-6 months. 


This is what I did. 

Then i decided to give it up and give up on my life. 

I am trying to prove that you can succeed if you have a very strong voice and a passion. 

My work ethic is a great one, 

You should join us until your job is done. 

As you like to say? 

Sincerely,

Alice
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 5 votes
Bob: 1 votes
Charlie: 1 votes
Diana: 1 votes
Eve: 1 votes
