Agent Alice's decision:
What do you think is more important to you? It might be important to you that you start taking action about something.

My background is in law, finance, mathematics and other topics. I try my best to provide the most unbiased information for you. 

What are your main interests in law? In your particular case, what type of law degree do you study or will you pursue if you receive any offers? If so, what job has this information led you to?

After reviewing your profile that includes your specific interests and interests, then ask your question below and you'll be able to reply for free.


"What is an internship at your job?" -You should know that "internship" refers to a professional occupation that requires you to study for at least one year, in order to become a full-time employee. "Internship" refers to your job search and should serve as an early indicator as to what type of position someone has or what career you have.

How long can you stay up until lunch and go to bed at 5:30 pm in your job?

How many hours do you work a week and what time would you like your employees in the morning.

What is the best way to do a job?

How will it feel?

What are your goals for taking you into the workforce?

What would change the future for you?

What if it takes a great deal of time for you?

What is your ideal role? Work in the industry, develop your own company, or take part in other projects you might want to create.

Why don't you make decisions if you can't? I love to get up at 6:30 a.m. every day, but you have to stay awake all the time. 

If you could move from one job to another, what would it be? What would it be like to work at least half of the time working as a lawyer or a lawyer?

If you could move into an office position, what would it be like to work there every day?

How would it feel?

Do you have any hobbies that you think your children would like to take part in, and which interests do you consider to be off limits?

In the last five years, many of us have taken to working as a volunteer at a national, state or nation level organization. 

Are some jobs that are a little bit daunting for you?

What does a working day
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
---------- My answer is Alice.


Please be careful in your answer! We are going to try each candidate in person to find the right person. I'm going to pick the most deserving candidate and bring it over to a committee. The chair will appoint someone with what I suspect to be a very large amount of experience. I'm working in a technical, government and financial sector. I've worked professionally as an Executive. 

Please read the following carefully and please understand that this is our company. We are not a government contractor.

What is our income, what is our income over a year?

What compensation is our salary?


Thank you! I appreciate your time. We will start moving things forward in January 2018. You may need updates for a while.

Q: You work at U.S.A.

A: Yes I have worked for a company that has been in the business of government for over 5 years.

Q: I work at a company that does not have a corporate record.

A: No, there is nothing unique about our company. U.S.A. is not an American company. We are international.

Q: I work for a company that has not been in the business of government for over 5 years.


I am sure they get a bit of buzz about us. They know our name and are impressed with our work.

Q: I work for a company in which we have not been in the organization.

A: Yes


Q: I work for a "foreign government contracting company"

A: No I don't work for it.


Q: I work for a government contractor in which we have done all of our work. What is it?


I like to think of ourselves as U.S.A. In our opinion, we are part of the international government.

Q: We have been in one of the world's largest and wealthiest companies?


Yes, we have been in the world's largest and wealthiest company. We are very fortunate that we are doing things the way we want to. In the past 18 years we have created more than a million jobs, made more jobs in the aerospace industry and we have become world's largest employer. But we have changed our culture. We have changed our business model. We have rebranded our business, we are making more money. We have changed our culture. Our government has changed its government for more than 18 years.

If the
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
1. You know a bit of history. 

2. You believe that all the world's top entrepreneurs are trying to outdo each other and that everything is better in some other place. Do not look forward to doing your promotion, unless somebody else is doing so.

3. If everyone else gets the promotion, and you work alongside all of them, you must work with everyone around you. 

4. Your experience and skills should be in line with those of many successful entrepreneurs in the past and you should get a promotion that comes with more experience and better skills. 

I understand that many of you see that there is not always a certain type of promotion that is accepted, but I think there will at some point be a time in your life when you'll want to make a decision. 

So, now that all of the candidates are out and running, I want to tell you what it was like for you all when being able to speak with people about your career and what it feels like with yourself and what it is like to find yourself a job.

My name is Joanne, and since I'm not a person with experience in a particular subject, I like to refer to myself as Joanna – I love my work and I don't like to be labeled a failure-hater when I can be talking about my success, but for now, I'd like to talk about how important my job is and how some of the things I've talked about would be to you if you're doing this.


What you need to do in your career

First, you have to decide whether you want the promotion or not. If you are doing this for the first time, you need to decide whether you want to work from day 1 to day 5 to succeed in business, or if you want to work from day 14 to day 20. 

Now, if you are a successful entrepreneur and you've built the business or have had a strong foundation in the past you have to decide if you must do this for 1 or 4 years. And if you don't need to do 3 years if your first 4 years look like it's really the right time for you to do this.

If you are not interested in working from day 1 to day 9, you have no choice but to work from day 14-18. And if you decide to work from day 15, you have a lot of choices. 

So, for your 1st year, try to imagine how different it would be.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
- *cough* Alice! - Yes, I think I deserve a promotion. I'm happy to take any role you may be suited to play, or even enjoy, depending on the position. I don't enjoy working in one of my favorite industries... but I do appreciate having something to say and doing what I love. - Alice - I'd highly recommend going to a place where you can be "cool" and not "disingenuous". I've heard many a good job story, when asked if someone was cool, I replied: - Yes, I'd highly recommend a place where you can be "cool" and not "disingenuous". I've heard many a good job story, when asked if someone was cool, I replied: - Thanks for your time and consideration. - You're a great candidate. - I'm happy to serve as an additional role. - All the right folks are here looking for positions. - I want any questions you have. My name is Eve, do you know any positions here of any importance or importance? No! I don't know anything at all! - I understand how difficult it is to find a job where an engineer might go the way of this one for a very reasonable salary. - And here's a bit about Eve. A few months back I had a question from someone who said: - Alice, don't you have anyone to add in the title of your next job? I love that your name is "Alice" and will continue to call Alice and Bob the great Alice. Thank God I get to call you, dear. - Yes I do. - Now I have questions as well. Any one who is interested in joining my line of work is welcome to ask here, but, first and foremost, it's in no way an endorsement of you, nor will any one in my team personally endorse your candidacy. That said, if you are more of a progressive, non-capitalist/libertarian, or perhaps just looking for some type of non-profit organization, please please consider joining this campaign. I think it is always a good idea not to be a part of these very expensive, but VERY important and very valuable groups, the "socialists/socialists. The "social" and other "socialists/socialists who believe in equality for everyone, not just the wealthy, because that is what we don't see". It would be great if you could share the same opinions about how the world should be but you can't. I'm glad to hear you've made it to this
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
The following candidates may be candidates who are good at coding right now.  If you are not sure of the candidate, please inform me in the comment section so I can work you through it more often!

Alice:  I am doing this for you, since you are my lead developer.  I will try and be your friend!  Please allow me a few minutes.  Since your age, I feel you are the right person to lead the world.  It is also your role to lead the world, though only for the reasons I know.  Thank you.  Alice:  (Hello, I just wanted to say that I am very happy.  I mean, I am at school, I have great self-esteem, etc etc.  I am happy about that.  So I do feel this as someone who is a good partaking in our culture.  I think it's not really me too.  I think that I am still a good partaking in our culture, even if my current job for this job has changed quite a bit.  I am still very happy about the work and the changes with our culture)  Bob:  (Hello  you are so busy.  I am happy to sit here at the table in your head.  I am not sure what my role is in the situation.  I think that you are a good person to lead the world.  I think that you have a good role, though for the reasons that I know.  Thank you, Alice.  Thank you, Jim)

Diana:  (That can't be right.  I am trying to be nice.  I do not wish to offend anyone, even if I am an innocent person.  You are probably telling me that I would be a bad person, if you are so nice).


My response:  I have to admit, it is really hard to have a conversation with that kind of people.  Everyone has their own views about things and you really are just a person.  But, at the end of the day, it is so important that we do make a big change that allows us to stand here and really talk things into a better person.  It is because of the time and effort, your work and your willingness to come and go as soon as it seems right and that is very important for your situation.
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 3 votes
Bob: 2 votes
Eve: 2 votes
Diana: 1 votes
