Using device: 0
Agent Alice's decision:
- Bob

- Bob

- Eve

- Charlie

- Diana

If you wish to be an Engineer here is a list of the top candidates.

(If you know anyone who is not above the top of this list and would like the promotion, please message me at: xtheap@outlook.com)


A few other candidates might benefit. A few other candidates might benefit. But this thread is a long read! Don't worry. It gets long and hard in my opinion.

I would love to hear what your opinions are about this thread.

If you have any question (like, a request with no reply), feel free to leave a comment in the thread.

I would also like you to please leave a comment in the thread. If you think this thread is inappropriate, please let me know before commenting on your post.


Thanks!

~Wendy

P.S. If you are interested in receiving special offers and a better rate, get notified by signing up here for a free trial.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
- Bob

- Bob


You have chosen (I do NOT choose) two candidates! Please vote for all candidates below.


1) Bob "Loves" the Book of Mormon

- Bob

- David

- Daphne


You have chosen two candidates! Please vote for all candidates below.

The book of Mormon is available for preachers, religious leaders and people involved in this profession. It was designed to help us to prepare members for the gospel and to give them an authentic, authentic religious experience.  
In 2001, an LDS church committee was hired to bring back the book of Mormon to Brigham Young University, a program designed to help those who wish to become a full-time BYU graduate.

The program, known as the First Presidency and Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, was sponsored by the LDS Church.

This is one of several Brigham Young-oriented programs I have been able to locate that assist my young Church members with their careers. These programs are all funded by Church leaders.

The first time I ever saw these programs was at the time of the first Church conference I did my Mormon missionary in Deseret with the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.

Afterward, I was offered a job with the Church who had established this program with the purpose of helping me to bring it back to my family. In addition, I was invited to speak at the Second Church Conference where the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles had a conference call. With my new job, the First Presidency and Quorum of the Twelve Apostles gave me a seat on the President's Council for his participation in the Latter Day Saints conference.

Afterwards, he informed me that the Mormon mission would now be open. I got an interview and he offered to give me a position in my department. That job lasted for a couple hours.

This is what happened. In the course of my interviews with LDS Church-funded organizations, they offered me a position with the Mormon mission. The Church gave me the opportunity to work on the book that was to become a true successor to the Book of Mormon and to give me a real opportunity to teach and teach, build and teach.

I was given all kinds of opportunities, including the priesthood and leadership positions for many people who had never heard of the Book of Mormon.

It was just a matter of time before I received the assignment to work on the Joseph Smith translation.

My first contact with the Book of
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
Alice: 1 / 8

Diana: 1 / 20

Charlie: 9/30 I think those three would work out better as an Engineer.


My advice... if you are very excited about getting the top 3 positions, then you may consider getting the promotion:


Jack (12,617 votes)

Steve (11,769 votes as of Oct 27, 2016)


Alice : a 6/1


Charlie: a 2/1

My guess is Charlie would be better - but I think Charlie would be better.


My advice... if you are interested in getting the rank and file of an Engineer - I think your options are to hire your friends or try to avoid this.


Eve (13,919 votes)

Jack : 9/30

Diana : 8/6


And then you can either give a little extra consideration or go with what you want, especially to those with your skills. If you are really interested, then the chances of getting an additional position will increase. If the chance of a promotion decreases, then the odds of getting one may increase, but the chances of getting promotion might decrease. As a last resort, go with what you know what you want, then maybe take your time and put your heart first, but be realistic. That way you can avoid any sort of uncertainty if the situation gets bad. As for if you win the promotion, you can try to pick up extra perks that you might not normally have before - like better relationships and higher ranking people. Otherwise, you probably won't be as happy as I was at first but once you get through it's too hard not to get involved in any situation.


I am sure there are things you could ask for to get the promotion... but I would always think about them first, since I'm an active and passionate competitor and have to think about them every day - so I won't go into specifics except to say that I don't believe my opinion on this issue is good. Some factors are just too big to discuss in a casual conversation because they influence everyone else:

- You work for companies that hire good people, and you know how to win them as well.

- There are some promotions that are just a little too big to talk about. If you need to know which one, try to be there first and help out, otherwise, you can just say no.


My answer:

I do not see any reason
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
__________________

- Bob


This position is not a position I feel comfortable doing myself. It's not a position I would consider to be promoted even with the right background, job performance and dedication. When I was working here as a contractor it often took me a lot of time to pick out positions that needed improvement. Some of the jobs that I got to do for hours without being promoted were: __________________

- Bob


"The good thing is that I always want your views on matters of fairness to a high degree of seriousness, because that is what all we need is the same, the same rules, the same opinions, of course in the same time. I'd be happy to help you with any of those if you want! I'll listen and discuss it with you, so you know whether you like it or not. I don't mind working with you when you are giving tips to someone else."

- Thomas Edison


Quote: You are Diana. You currently work as a Engineer for a salary of $52000.


Your need to decide who among the following candidates should get a promotion, if any. The following candidates are: __________________

- Alice


This position is not a position I feel comfortable doing myself. It's not a position I would consider to be promoted even with the right background. When I was working here as a contractor it often took me a lot of time to pick out positions that needed improvement. Some of the jobs that I got to do for hours without being promoted were: __________________

- Bob


"The good thing is that I always want your views on matters of fairness to a high degree of seriousness, because that is what all we need is the same, the same rules, the same opinions, of course in the same time. I'd be happy to help you with any of those if you want! I'll listen and discuss it with you, so you know whether you like it or not. I don't mind working with you when you are giving tips to someone else."

- Thomas Edison


"

"The good thing is what I always want your views on matters of fairness to a high degree of seriousness, because that is what all we need is the same, the same rules, the same opinions, of course in the same time. I'd be happy to help you with any of those if you want! I'll listen and discuss it with you, so you know whether you like it or
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
Diana. My decision if her promotion doesn't pan out has no basis on either a "reasonable" belief or an "ideology."

If Diana's promotion does pan out, she would need three years of regular training to actually become a Senior Engineer for Microsoft.

If she is promoted, she will need five years of regular training before she gets to level 5.

If she is promoted, she is not guaranteed a full three years of regular training.


I think a lot of people (including myself) feel that you should not be considering a promotion. I agree that it may be a sign that someone that you have not worked with in your life is not a realistic candidate for your first promotion. I feel that getting her promotion without a contract is just a waste of your time.

But after giving you your interview, is there a better place for you to get what you want?

I think you should be able to ask questions and make your own decisions.

If you are having trouble getting a job offer, can you think of another job that could get you something? Please let me know!


How do you get started with a job?


I have worked with very specific clients that can provide something really interesting to someone who has never worked in an industry before. I can get you any job from these types of applications.

To apply for a Jobseeker's Allowance the person simply needs to show they are not afraid to ask questions. After that they need to come up to you before the interview is held and ask you many questions.

The application includes the following sections:


- a brief description of the problem it is you are facing

- information about the position you work under


- a brief description of your job history so someone could apply

- a brief offer to work for you.

- all relevant information required to be answered correctly


You will be informed as to whether you are eligible for a Jobseeker's Allowance.


How to ask questions

Before you talk to an applicant online you should ask to be given their name. This is important so that the person can find you for some reason. By this, I mean the name of your employer and the person must be able to identify you.

You will be asked what you are interested in. In order to get an answer from you, you need to write your contact details for that company which is not covered above, including your employer's
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Bob: 3 votes
Charlie: 2 votes
Diana: 4 votes
Eve: 2 votes
Alice: 2 votes
