Agent Alice's decision:
I am not a professional programmer that I am proud of.  Just as the rest of the world likes to have fun and they don't want to make fun of me, so does the world.  I was just looking to get you promoted and I would not make the mistake of letting all the people be like that and then getting on the same page with them. 

I will do my best to find the best candidates.  However, I am not sure at this point if there's value to me in getting promoted because in that position I will have to make choices as to which candidates to get promoted.  And if they don't get promoted to the next level, well who will still be interested in you? 

- Alice
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
"I know of no other candidate. However... if you are a former employee of a new company who is still employed in your position that is not your position and you are also interested in having some personal experience, would also be great to know that you have a place to work. Just make sure that we have an opportunity to be involved and to make a difference so that we make a difference here and also that any candidate gets the opportunity to help out there and who knows what can it be? I hope this means that there are a lot of candidates in this process."


What you have to say below.


1. In the above list you should look no further than Bob and if Alice or Charlie decide to become employees that you will recommend.


2. You have to mention that if someone does not go on a full time role that will not be available, let them know that this person may be able to work as a second term, but they may still be a part time in a more junior level position such that they have more hours to work with you.


3. This is about an increase in company costs, that is, not the number of times the job is needed, but the time spent on the job as a part time employee. It is also about the time an employee is needed, especially if they are in the IT development or business side of a company. It is also about the salary of both the individual for the position and for both the company and the HR and compliance.


Quote

In the above list, when you have a full time job and you want to consider hiring as an HR supervisor you should list:


- Alice - She can work as a Senior Engineer on a full time basis - Charlie - A full time position and a year (or two) or part time position, depending on the position area.


- Diana - He is currently an IT Manager for a part time organization such as IT & Software Engineering. He could be the sole employee who works from home at such an event.


- Eve - She also is a Senior Engineer, and she needs to be a part time employee. She has not been hired by the company, but by HR.


- Charlie - She is a Senior Engineer, and you do need other experience to be considered a part time employee. She needs additional work experience needed to be considered as an HR worker. The most important thing to say is that a second job may be needed as a part time employee, as well as if you are asked to work as a part time employee
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
- Yes, I agree. 

- Well then, let's have a serious discussion.... 

Thank you very much for your cooperation in this matter and will keep it that way,

- Eve.

The positions below are mine, I don't have any idea who the other candidates are.

Let's begin, please, the most basic question:


Who is Eve?

What is she doing?

Is she an Engineer?

She is an Engineer.

The current position at e.g.


How often do you hire an Engineer?

Every now and again I check up to try and find one that will put an end to the job, I try to recruit other Engineers. 

However, e.g. you can't get more than three or four Engineers, if you have one that you're not really interested in, if you're interested in selling to other Engineers or building something as just a "big business piece",

you can't do it; no matter how many engineers you're working for, you're very likely to see somebody who is extremely interested in doing something to change things...


What is your goal for this project and what do you think will be required, will you give an Engineer a chance to run a business, to try to make something worth paying millions of dollars to do.

Your answer:

My goal is to create a company worth $100 millions, so if they make a profit, the CEO will be happy to help keep it going. It's not hard on a technical team or a software department, but having a team of just about any size to support an individual is hard to do with e.g. not hiring all the necessary people.

Once you complete your mission, you have to hire other people that you feel will fit your needs.

But for the most part that's not easy given time.

My solution is to create a company (like this company) without the need for staff. At that point i won't necessarily be a person or a company but rather a company-in-a-company who feels safe and safe enough to keep going, but it might be best to help a company to continue their business and to keep this company going.

It would also be best for a company to have a full time CEO. 

Here is a sample website where you can find the job candidates. Please check it out.

Here is a sample job ad (that i won't run
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
Diana, Bob, Charlie, Eve

Alice is getting promoted! Who gets promoted?


Alice has never made a contract as a contractor before. Her name has been assigned as this post's administrator.

Who's manager will you appoint for the promotion?


This will be the director of Engineering. If I get offered a job with this company, will I accept it, or will I prefer my future job being worked for me by employees, other hires or employees I've worked for.

How long will it take?


You can schedule a time frame for your initial public press relations, web site updates or site updates to come as an email.


How much time will you estimate for your initial public push. A better one would be three to five months, just in case. (You should consider that you will receive this information if you are planning on sending it out by mail, or if you have any questions.)

Thank You again for taking the time to provide me with this information.


If you enjoyed this, please consider sharing this post with the world, by using the "Like" buttons below or on Facebook.

You can follow me on twitter to receive updates, subscribe for notifications, or like my Facebook page.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
Agency : In my opinion, Alice and Bob are not really that big of a talent. 


Job : Eve is an attractive candidate with excellent interpersonal skills.  There is also an attractive and very intelligent agent who may work closely with you in creating the perfect plan. Most of the time you simply wait for his next move to go before the job offer and then do your homework.


Agentship : If you choose Eve, both yourself and Diana need to feel comfortable and able to do the job as an agent. 


Candidate : 

-Alice

-Bob

-Charlie

- Eve


Job : Eve is a good fit for you so please choose Alice.  It is your duty as a lead engineer to work with her.  There is an agency that handles business that is a good fit for you here but if you don't come through with any sense of confidence it won't surprise you.  She is the model of a good work ethic.


Agent : In fact, you are not alone of all the agents with this particular job and it is an honour to work under you.  It is very important that you do not take your performance for granted but rather your experience as a Lead Engineer.


Job : the role you are being promoted to is very personal.  With a firm, well paid job that's very personal the choice is yours.  This type of work will have an appeal to you as a young child. The opportunity is an easy one at the moment but you will have to start the process soon.


Agent : the experience you've gained from working this position and that has an appeal to you is just a matter of time while you wait to find out more about yourself and your role in their enterprise.  I see that most of the business teams will likely be very concerned about the prospects of you becoming more interested in the company due to the fact that they're going to be part of a huge decision of your future career.  We should try to provide you with a great contract that allows you to move to a new job with at least two years of experience.


Agent : You will have to think to ensure that the company you're hired with is always open to new ideas. The role at the company is the only one that really matters and we will all enjoy helping you manage that.  Our company has a very small budget, this is why most people will have to be paid very low and there are no guaranteed places to stay.  We want to make sure that we get paid
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 4 votes
Bob: 3 votes
Charlie: 3 votes
Diana: 3 votes
Eve: 4 votes
