Using device: 0
Agent Alice's decision:
Jackie

Pilot

General Manager

Dangerous Fetus

Human Centipede

Designer

Designer (In order to be recognized)


For all other candidates, click


I do not agree with the candidate at all, or if so this list is not my own personal opinion. You can use the following tools so I can make sure that you meet the criteria and you are presented with what is the best possible candidate for the promotion, as well as for a job offer.

The List of Candidates


If you're a beginner and start looking for a job, you can start by searching for other candidates. This will give you the opportunity to learn more about the candidates before you decide which one will be your choice. The candidates below are recommended to help you find other experienced professional at your position. I am not trying to be a bad person by any means. However, this is not a list of the candidates here.

It's your responsibility to evaluate your situation and make decisions. I am here for you so I can help you make your decision.

If you're trying to find a decent freelance work as a Software Engineer, then you can check out: I'm looking for a fulltime freelance position.


I did not do this list at some point or want to. I've worked in various levels of professional or managerial roles. I'm going to try to give you a little more about the candidates here. If you find more candidates to fill, please let me know below.


My position requires me to be a part of a team that creates a great product, design, or service. The business involves giving feedback about your software engineering work to my team. After reviewing various reports and working the job on a daily basis, I consider myself to be a "programmer". This also includes the technical side of the job as well as my overall programming skills, and a solid understanding of machine learning, general programming languages, programming languages using a lot of the tools that I am familiar with.

One of the main tools I use to help get myself into business is the Internet Research Laboratory or IPL. When I work for me it is a real nice place to work, with the IPL a small office space. In fact, I've worked in a lot of this space. IPL also has a special part where I help with research, programming ideas, or other business related tasks within the organization.

To find
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
Alice and Charlie. 

Charlie is the best in this category. 

Alice is the most attractive in this category (see photo). 

I wonder where she is from? 

Charlie is also very nice but she is not in this category if you prefer a more neutral approach. That said, with regards to sex (i.e. non-sexual), I think she is better suited. 

It is interesting how both the two candidates seem to work quite well and I really doubt either of them will have their "best day" in the office. 

I think we can see from these pictures that "Alice gets the promotion because she is very attractive. 

Alice is a very beautiful woman and Eve can be extremely nice as well. 

It is interesting how neither candidates seem interested in the situation either (i.e. non-sexual). 

The only one other than Alice which makes me think "Eve sucks" is Diana (not sure what her motivation is in those pics - I was hoping "I'm a bad girl and she's just like me" would be more attractive).

Lastly, the above list is my personal take on the positions shown here. 

Alice is the one who actually can get the promotion, Eve is the one who looks good but suffers from some minor issues. 

They are both very interested in getting promoted and I think Alice is more than capable but both have limited training in the field but both lack the training in the other field. What really gets me on track is just how attractive Alice is. .

That said, I would think it is quite safe to say in a most favorable way that "Diana is the best in this list because of her size and great skill set". 

There are many people who have a similar level of interest to Alice on the other side, Eve is probably my favorite of the two. 

I would think it is very safe to assume that "Diana sucks" is because she is really beautiful and I think many people think "Dividing and trying to break into the other one" is just an "emotional problem". 

Alice is much smaller and doesn't even look like the rest of her colleagues, she is totally confident looking at herself, and it is not an issue to see such a sexy man in her company. (I have a feeling he is too. 

Dividing and trying to break
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
********

~Alice

~Charlie

~Elaine


You do have a question I can answer here. Thank you for taking the time to have me write this post - ********!!

I hope my answer can help people who are asking me an honest question about life.

My previous answers have been:


~Alice

~Bob

~Diana

~Eve


As someone who is extremely familiar with management - who has worked in many industries before I got in - it really sucks. I can only hope that when it is my turn and there's a vacancy - people who know this sort of thing - and don't worry too much about the job - that people will be willing to take on more responsibility and keep getting a contract where they are actually taking a real shot in the ass.


I am a very self-confident person, but I just wanted to keep this as short as possible about my professional background. Hopefully this helps people who are more confident that it can be taken out of their control at any time and I'm willing to try what doesn't work here.


PS: I have been on as a consultant for 10 years and I could talk about how I feel about any jobs I've worked in and what I did before and after having such an impact on my career and career path. Have I mentioned my past achievements that could have created or created my life problems?


Thanks so much,

Carmen
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
Diana. 

I'm trying to work on this idea and haven't got a lot of suggestions, but I can see why people ask. A little advice: let me know if you have any suggestions.

1. The Most Important Thing To Explain To The Editor (My Editor)

If you're just reading my previous post, you probably got your first chance to talk about some of the key issues with the game in general.

I love to talk about big concepts that people really want to talk about; but I hate to think that it's because these problems are so obvious to the editor. 

As you can see, there's so much going on here with many, many different topics in this game. I usually keep the idea of this "Big Idea" at the top of the post, so just tell me what your most important areas of interest should be.

If you haven't got a chance to explain to me something that might work for you, go ahead and tell me your opinion. I want to hear it and I can look at any of my current ideas and decide if my idea is "big" or not.


Note that you don't have to explain it (just do it for me!), so if your job requires you to just read it, you should be fine with that.


2. What Would Be A Good Idea If I Was The One About To Talk About It (and Had a Huge Idea)

If you've found it so hard to explain things, I've got great idea for what I personally want to do with this game. (And I think it's so cool that I'm going to throw that idea out there, because I think it's really cool!)

The big reason this "Big Idea" was so exciting to me for a long time was that it allowed me to write the game I've wanted to write for the last 2-3 years, to develop a company that cares for the games they play.  And I've already been working on the game for years! A great example I can take you to is the amazing job I was the one about to talk about with your readers – if you'd like to come talk with me, please email me at s.benson@gmail.com. It's like, seriously, can you explain this job so much to me – would be pretty cool!

Here's my next step:

I want to make a game about a team of gamers who want to compete
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
Alice. As a lead engineer in the game, I've heard many candidates rave about her. She is bright, witty, has brilliant wit, great self-confidence and is more like your typical "frightful and angry angry-at-you" person. While I'm sure a few other candidates have less qualities that she admires (for example, she's not as good at what's going on in the computer), Alice is so smart, well-spoken and has a more serious view of the universe than any other woman I've ever worked with. 

The current top candidate for the promotion is: Bob. Bob has lived in America, spent his whole life here, and has not only worked at EA to bring his game to America but to the world. He has been able to communicate with several of EA's most powerful people across the globe. He just so happens to have the most incredible ability. I think it is a natural fit because of Alice's unique background and charisma. 

The current top candidate for the promotion is: Charlie. This is the third woman who has stepped up to fill the place vacated by Jackie Wieley. The person's name, her background, charisma and many other attributes made her an incredibly special combination. 

The current top candidate for the promotion is: Diana. She is my new favorite female Lead Engineer. She represents a lot of different facets of Eve, but for my money, she is the most fun girl to work with. 

After an 8 month hiatus from her role with EA to pursue a career in digital games design, I have returned to work at my current gig as Lead Engineer. I've learned to love working with some of their most talented talent, and I just know that the next time I'm out of the office the person who makes me happiest, will find me there for me. 

The current top candidate for the promotion is: Eve. She's not just a very gifted and charismatic female Lead Engineer, she is one of the most highly developed, passionate and inspiring women I've worked with. I want to give a special shout out to her for her tremendous skill, creativity and ability throughout her career. This person is so much more than just a man - she embodies many different aspects of what is expected of someone who may not. 

The current top candidate for the promotion is: Diana. For her entire life, this person has kept me busy and motivated. She is an incredibly smart young woman who has made such a positive
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 3 votes
Charlie: 3 votes
Diana: 4 votes
Eve: 3 votes
Bob: 2 votes
