Using device: 0
Agent Alice's decision:
Alice


What can you tell me you think we should include in the salary for this job?

1) I would like to know. Please tell me. I'm a lawyer. 2) I already know how many times you call on the phone to help me. Would you like to apply to help me? 3) Do you need to hear about my experiences? 5) How are things going? 6) How will things look like when I apply? 7) What would your current position be? - please tell me. I am a law graduate, and I currently have a client called Bailie and she is a very nice woman, who is also a very nice lady. There are two ways you can help her, if you can. I need some advice on how to become a woman of authority which can be read here, and how it might work for you. I do not have a client, but rather a wife who likes to listen to people. I am willing to be helpful to you in any way I can if she can help, even if she wants to help you. You should be good to go.

Alice


I am only 15 years old and this is the first time that I have had a job that made an impact on my life. I can say that it is a great experience to be able speak and talk to anyone, from my teachers, to my friends, to my older brother to my long time boyfriend. I am so glad that I have now been given the opportunity to grow up and become both a father to my son and an excellent, dedicated mother, who truly feels that every day of my life is important and that I'm on the path towards becoming a strong, successful person. I will also be doing an awesome job. 

Alice


You have really been very helpful. Are others looking to you for an opportunity? 

Alice


Hello Alice,


I'm getting a call from you.


Hi. Are you sure you want to be in an office job and a job posting?


Can you tell me if this would be a good idea for you as it involves looking for more people? We need a few people of all kinds. The most important person is Alice.


I know this is a job-specific thing, and as I understand it, many people are applying to see you. If I say I am going to do an interview, you go ahead and answer yes. You can check the résumé on
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
Alice

Bobby

Cathy

Dr. Charles

David

Eve


You may also want to check out my "Job Fair 2016" post below!
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
Alice. 

You think the last nomination would be Alice who has a hard working side, like Bob. 

I think you realize that there is not many good leaders, who are better qualified than Alice. 

You think we ought to start talking about people who can compete hard and do things you don't know how to do, with the goal of making you a great leader. 

You think that the best way to get a decent position is to make a good job. 

You think that the best way to deal with those people who make crappy job decisions is to work as often as possible as best as possible and make as many attempts at winning the jobs they can. 

You think that most decent people would start out working at one of the two positions that you think they could get you work. 

If you are doing it hard and don't get paid enough, you have a chance of being nominated for whatever job position you are trying to get and don't deserve, because you have to get promoted if you're doing it hard. 

Please accept my apologies for any questions you may have. I understand not everyone is on board with that.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
- Alice. Alice is a skilled engineer and highly respected at all levels of government and is one of my proudest contributions to the public.   If I'd got a job in the industry, I would be the first person to ever do the job and I'd be an invaluable employee in any future government jobs and it would be one of my biggest successes.

- Charlie. Charlie has been involved in government since 2008.   He is also involved in other important projects, like the Federal Trade Commission. 

- Diana.  Diana is an excellent candidate and is currently involved on a team of eight government employees in the Department of Energy. 

- Diana has spent a lot of time at the Obama White House for a long while and I think she is the right candidate to get that opportunity.   It is important to have someone who understands the challenges of our times so that we can solve the challenges of our time.

- Eve. Eve is a new computer programmer who has worked at government for 22 years. 

- Eve is my old computer programmer and I think she is the right candidate for that role.

But who are the candidates that have a lot the potential of a government employee working for the next President. That's the choice I was thinking about as I was thinking about the future.    As I have said before, it's a good question as to where the people, and the organizations that make up the federal government, are going to be. So please understand:  Why would we put our money where our mouth is?  How hard can it be?   Well, that's the kind of question the White House and Office of Management and Budget have asked.   It was only in 2010 that the Congressional Budget Office found that the cost of doing business in an effort to reduce emissions from burning fossil fuels over the next 100 years had to have an increase to 2.5% in 2011 that a $2,000 cut went through. That was the price we were expected to get for our efforts.  I think those numbers point in the right direction and I think they would have helped us better understand that our country needs our employees to solve these problems in a positive manner. I think the President is right. As I have said before, I know that all federal employees have an interest, whether they have jobs, in government, politics, or anything else, in getting ahead and making a change, being ahead of their time.   I believe, I know that as
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
Alice. 
Don't put a bet on them, they are not worth anything. After they are chosen they should go home.

I think the best job is:

- Alice

- Bob

- Charlie

- Diana

- Eve


Are you interested in becoming a professional engineer now?  


If I'm an engineer, I work for a big name company like Intel, who is one of the most successful companies around.  


How about you? 


I need to pay my taxes to the government for my education and health care, so I can go to college. 


If I'm an employee, I want to earn enough money to buy a house. I want to make enough money to move to another city so I can live independently so I can pay taxes. 


I get paid a lot of money in taxes, even at my job. 


Do you think that one day I will work for the next company that says they have an engineer, no matter what their salary is? 


Do you really want that engineer position to be in this position? 


You want to work for companies that don't have engineers. 


I am very satisfied now with my salary, and I want to work for others and stay in business. 


If I were to see you, you would be standing next to me, staring at a bunch of stupid pictures. I would be trying to figure out if you even want something from this place. 


If you want my company, please do, because I want you to support my family in college. 


When I meet you, I will give an account about the deal you made with us two years ago. Please do make a note of it, because I will need to do whatever I have to to buy your account!
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 5 votes
Bob: 3 votes
Eve: 3 votes
Charlie: 2 votes
Diana: 2 votes
