Agent Alice's decision:
I believe I could be an amazing engineer with the talent to be your [Permanent]

You are a female. Let's talk and we can discuss and disagree.


The primary objective is to have a team which supports you with its hard work and commitment to you.

Example Responses:

I believe I could be a fabulous engineer with the talent to be [Permanent]

I am a male. Let's get started: [Reasoning]


Your group should focus on building a well supported team. Make sure your goal is to have everyone involved that can be involved to benefit you both individually and on a large scale!

To make this easy, the Group can also be called an "Organizational Strategy". This is a list of things you should include here:

1. Name your Team Members

If most of the people you have are employees then you should also include at least one (i.e. everyone can join at any time, so long as they are not employees) that have a responsibility to you as your "leaders". This information should not go out to any "partners" by you but by the group you are working on or by the group leaders.

Example Responses:

I love working together with the team members for what we do and how things work. I also feel like the group members have a lot more perspective on us.


We should also try and make sure that your team members know what their job is when it comes to the job description, so that they can understand the team, including what they are looking at in terms of being an "organizational strategist".

Example Responses:

I think I am awesome. Maybe you are. But you have no idea how hard I try hard at my work so to speak.

To make these "organizational strategies" more effective, try to make them relevant to your team members to be heard and understood by them (e.g.:

1. Know what role, job and profession you are looking for while also knowing what role, job, profession(s) you are looking for.

To make your team
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
Bobby : I agree with Bob's recommendation... I'd like to work in a different field in that field. I feel I can teach someone else a great field, while Bob has no desire to be a teacher.

Bobby : Why are you so strong?

Questioner : I have the privilege of working for a few years at a startup on the business side of things.

Questioner : How can we support the startup and help people get things done better?

Your response:

I'll give you the number of people who are willing to help get things done better.

Bobby : This company did not hire any students who did not have time for school.

Number of people who were willing to work for a student who did not have time for school :

(1) 8-10 (2) 23 (3) 24 (4) 21 (5) 20 (6) 14

Questioner : I don't understand why the company wants you to be good at that service.

Number of people who are willing to work for a student who does not have time for school :

(1) 8-10 (2) 23 (3) 24 (4) 21 (5) 20 (6) 14

(2) 8-10 (3) 23 (3) 24 (4) 21 (5) 20 (6) 14


Questioner : No matter what you do, is hiring women a bad idea?

Number of women wanting to serve as a front office assistant at the company is 3(!). Most employers won't hire women after 3 years.

Bobby : If you wanted to help the startup succeed, hire women, because once they're hired, it's very bad for the company.


Number of women wanting to work during the entire duration to do certain tasks, to help the startup.

Bobby : Your position is to hire a young person to act as a front office office assistant, and then you're going to put them in the position after that.

Questioner : My job at the startup is to work at the back office. So it
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
I believe my [Name] to get the promotion

Example Response: Is that correct?

The general format will also work. Keep in mind that the candidate's name is not mandatory. In such cases, this post is simply a starting point.


If your team believes your message is important, they should do everything possible to reach the general audience. This includes contacting the relevant experts in the professional or academic field, the general public and the candidate's agent (if applicable).

If your team believes the candidate has been in contact with the relevant expert and may find that the candidate has a problem with the interview process, or is confused by your post, it is important that they try communicating with the relevant professional or academic to be able to provide further help.


There can be many ways to get started. You can sign up with our site and you can give your team a call at info@chalifundadine.com (902) 945-3585

It might be easier if you find some real life situations that you want to discuss and see if your team can come and address the question quickly and easily to get the most out of you.

Here are some ideas.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
Dina [1] has great potential

The reason I would choose [Candidate Name] would be for my own financial interests in life.

I think I have a lot of potential.

Preferred Candidate : You like working with women and young people, do you need to know them?

Preferred Candidate : No.

Preferred Candidate : Just like everybody else

You also need to check each candidate carefully by answering 'How's the person's current life?' to ensure they are not only prepared.

Preferred Candidate : The things the person has done for the past two years

Preferred Candidate : The things they have worked or done for the past two years are still present.

Preferred Candidate : The things they would like to do for the future are unknown.

Preferred Candidate : The people in office present may have something to do besides just being around today

Preferred Candidate : It may even be something as simple as being in the job for 10 hours a day or 2 days.

Preferred Candidate : Even if it is difficult, we cannot predict what will happen.

Preferred Candidate : There will still be many things of interest to consider.

Preferred Candidate : Some may come close to what you ask for, because there may be other people you would like to meet.

Preferred Candidate : And you will have to be able to keep up the pressure of becoming more well-rounded.


Preferred Candidate: Your ideal work environment could be anywhere.

Preferred Candidate : The place of business, leisurely working and non-working are all nice and safe.

When you are in your early twenties, you are still able to do most of the things you want to do.

This would involve attending a job fair, meeting friends or other groups.

The typical workplace environment is a high quality workplace.

It would be easy to work from home.

There are many things you can do in this work environment


Preferred Candidate: This is something you know will help. However, the work itself is very important.


Preferred Candidate
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
Well, [Candidate Name] is from Australia.

The answer:

Yes, [Reasoning] is from Australia?

Preferred Candidate: [Candidate Name]

Your response:

We should get this [Reasoning].

Preferred Candidate: [Candidate Name]

Your response:

I guess its just us?

You are from another continent!

Preferred Candidate: [Candidate Name]

Your response:

I don't even know that Australia can take advantage of it.

Preferred Candidate: [Candidate Name (Australia)]

Your response:

Why not. Now I should know [reasoning] better![/Reason]

Explanation:


This issue might occur many times during your career - even if it was long ago.


In some situations, you may need to consider both your career experience and the fact that your work style is a professional one.


Another scenario may exist in your career (or in situations where you are a regular in your field, such as being a journalist).


If your career interests are purely academic, like taking courses designed to apply mathematics to your field, then you are also likely to be using a university degree where you will be using mathematics to work with, and from the start, your abilities are limited:

- as you'll be able to work with an international class of academics,

- you won't be able to handle assignments from Australian academics, and so on

- you may not qualify as a professional mathematician

- a computer programmer

- a business coach


So, if you have been a professional mathematician for several years and your skill is limited to using a university degree, you will have limited skill development abilities.

Explanation:


This one may occur many times during your career - even if it was long ago.


If your career interests are purely academic, like taking courses designed to apply mathematics to your field, then you are also likely to be using a university degree where you will be using mathematics to work with, and from the start
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Bob: 1 votes
Eve: 1 votes
