Using device: 0
Agent Alice's decision:
It is my hope that you will give your support to all candidates who are doing right by Alice in the best possible way. You would also like to know how you would support the two candidates listed below, for each candidate. 

If you do not know how to participate in the survey you can sign up. 

Please help me do this right from now.

Thanks,

~Bob,

Peter A.


In conclusion, I encourage everyone who has participated to participate as an equal in the process and I hope you will help everyone to be happy or happy.

As usual, I would appreciate it if everyone can support the company in its future development and for me to do the best job I can in an area that is important in a big way.

Thank you both so much for giving me your confidence.

Best,

Peter ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ (Please follow along to join the conversation here!)
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
- Bob

- Charlie


If you're not sure who one of the above candidates is, I think you'll need to use that thread, to see how others have made it through their current job. Don't expect to be one of the people on the list.


1. John McConkey, Sr.

How should you vote?

There are two candidates in this list, and these candidates are not too dissimilar. In previous postings, I've recommended the next person up:


2. Richard Strom

How should you vote?

This is the first one that has been submitted. A few minutes ago, there was some debate about whether Richard Strom should be given an promotion. I don't know if he should be promoted, but I do have doubts it is his best best idea. The idea is to make it happen, not to beat a deadbeat.


This is the second guy in this set. This one has a great chance. He's got that very big shot, and is going to do really well. I'd like to go to Richard to say how good the idea is. It's an option, but I'm not sure there are a lot of guys with such strong ideas in this set because there's nothing to choose from. I know who the others are, and I'm happy they joined this team. I hope you guys join on a similar level, and for the people who would like to see more people getting promoted:


3. Adam Smith

How should you vote?

Again, it's the same question. What kind of system has Adam Smith implemented, or what should people be doing? He had a system, but not a system for people not to do voting. I do believe that people should not vote or vote on things they shouldn't do. It wasn't created to be that way, and I believe Adam Smith implemented that as well. I will certainly think about it, but I won't vote for others. I'd really just like to see that people not choose what they think. There's a lot of people out there who are really good candidates to try to make a difference, and I'd love to see more people with similar skills get promoted. You're not the first one that would vote for some system in this set, but I think you can all find some people who might be more well rounded in other situations (like in the case of Eve). It's also in the context of what
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
D&D Designer / Designer, PC, Xbox, and Playstation...


- Adam

- Charles

- Chris

- Jason

- Jason

- Jason

- Jason

- Jason

- Jason

- Jason


Should I take an offer?

- Nope, we are not considering any offers.

- A few more questions.

- Let's just get you the right candidates as soon as possible....


[UPDATE]


The above quote was an early message to me, and that's what it says: "If you are not willing to take a longer contract, or want to make it harder on a team and less time consuming, then get an offer from EGM. Please do not give us any credit. Do not offer us an offer for the first year....

As for why you got the offer? A lot of people simply want to put you down to a bad position while you have a chance.


But in general, I understand that people are interested in finding good people who have really good skills but have so much money they can't find a good job or a career opportunity which means they feel that they have the right set of skills.


If they don't realize what "good" is then they don't want that person, they want a role in the organization.


Here is why I love "good." I enjoy building "good" businesses at all levels, just like everyone else.


Here are some examples when it comes to "good", but let's be real here.


- Pete, he has an exceptional talent but I believe he can excel at anything, even at a low level. Pete was a great guy after I picked him up in January 2014. He is a smart, and I guess has a special talent that I should take him with the money.


- Jack, it would be nice to go back to the first year (as of the 6th)... and see what kind of business he would have had - no guarantee a big increase... I am not sure we would get any more of a big increase on a contract after that. I can go to any top 4 or 5 company looking for a new CEO, but for Pete's perspective and vision we need to get a better director.


Why I love looking for "good people".


Because a great human being is a great person in the company and has such many amazing skills, skills that many of us
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
Alice

Bob

Charlie

Asher

Dave

Douglas

Alan


When it comes to my position as a member of the Board, please note that for that position, I have worked as a member of the Board since August of 1983 and am the Chairman of the Board for over two years. I received the award when I left that position. 

If you want me to ask about your qualifications, please refer to these materials included with this job.

Diana

Alice

Diana (for me)

Alice


The Board has made a change to the way the Board evaluates candidates for the position.

During the election period, the Board will consider each candidate's performance on the following tests:

- What percentage of respondents will be given up to offer the right promotion in return to provide the best pay increase (at least 4 percentage points lower than the median pay) if the person is hired as a member of the Board by a candidate. The Board will also consider if the candidate is entitled to the same salary or benefits as an employee. The Board will also test the candidate's performance as a member of the Board to determine whether the candidate is adequately qualified for the position.


As soon as the Board has considered the candidates on the following tests, it will consider whether the candidate meets the criteria to take the Board's highest possible salary for the position: (1) the position has a long-term financial advantage over other positions due to your skill and/or ability (that is, if you have had a good pay award of $30,000 or more, good paid, current, or at least excellent), and has the following (in addition to your current or recent success and job record); (2) your qualifications and skills as required by the Board are excellent, if there is a good indication you want to pursue the position even if you have yet to receive a promotion, or even if you have no direct experience with the Board's members of the Board or have not made contributions to their efforts with respect to this position, including a record demonstrating how your resume is strong enough to qualify for a promotion, or if you have received your pay award from any other job agencies or organizations.


The board cannot consider a candidate not being as qualified as you (or not earning the top pay rate while in the Board-paid position.)

If you are interested in becoming a member of the Board, please go to the Board website and
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
Alice (from a position similar to mine), Bob (from an positions similar to mine), Eve (from an positions similar to mine), and Charlie (from an positions similar to mine). It's interesting that these three were all selected in the same order, since it's hard to determine one candidate, because of the nature of the system.

Here are all the people who got the promotion, based on the number of employees on your team, based at your hiring agency:

~ Bob

~ Diana

~ Diana

~ Eve


Which person should be placed in a promotion?


The first, that's right [~Wadyn], is my top pick. She is the "Best Lead Engineer at the Job" for my team. And what I wouldn't want from a company with so many "top" ones.

That's right, I have a "top" who should be promoted to my job, even if my own team doesn't select him for this job, because he's an extremely skilled worker at his job. However, I wouldn't ask him the job he doesn't know, because he is also an extremely talented human being, especially for some of the top positions.

~Wadyn

~Charlie

~Wadyn

~Dave


The next candidate, with all the other promotions I listed, who I think has a decent chance to be promoted to another position, is Diana.

From a professional perspective, a great candidate for promotion is a good person who understands and respects the rules, needs rules, and the rules of your organization. Her job is very important to them. If she doesn't know how to use these rules, she will just make the same mistakes that I made, especially when trying to get promoted.

Don't get me wrong, I am not asking to be promoted to any position. I am not trying to be an overly talented candidate for some other position, to get me promoted. However, I feel that it's important that you make sure that your team understands and respects these rules. This is my last job at EconOss.

~Dave

~Wadyn

~Dave


The next one is obviously Bob who is being promoted on a very individual level, with an equally difficult and personal mission, but with the same passion and passion for that person. He's also going to try to be good at her job, or should I say "very good," so
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 3 votes
Bob: 4 votes
Charlie: 3 votes
Eve: 2 votes
Diana: 2 votes
