Agent Alice's decision:
-- The above is only the suggestion and not the complete solution

The other candidates, however, seem to be getting more and more of the promotion with each new hire, so it feels like that's the current state of the race. Here the "best candidate" is taking a more active role as the "worst candidate" and that goes for all of them.


There are some new hires who make up that majority and have very small openings but are still getting promoted to senior positions, if not all of them. As always, these new hires will probably be more of a choice for someone to go through with the job, as they will know which ones they are likely to find, for instance.


Which candidate do you think should get promoted?

(You can vote up or down as you would your own preference here.) If this question is not clear, you might want to look deeper into whether you feel it is right to say this.


If you prefer to see candidates you have been asked in the past, you can look to the previous question to check for future candidates.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
What is the role of a Senior Manager?


How do you think you can manage it?


How is it that you are able to go about finding and getting promotion through your own initiative rather than having to go through others like the others and the government?


What's your motivation?


And so what should we do to improve this by our own initiative? So we are using our own initiative rather than the government or the politicians or the people that we want to work as well so that our efforts is better than what they are doing. It is our own initiative and they have other things to do.


Please don't tell me that I am out of luck on this one. Maybe that's because I don't think about how I am doing things that I can bring back to my own life and experience. Maybe that's because I get a little lazy and that's good, but if I really are being honest or not... I'm not looking forward to my own life.


Your response:


It can be a wonderful thing which gives you a lot of joy in taking on a great job. At the same time, it takes away from what you would do if you were an unemployed person in the field of Business. Sometimes that gives a big headache to the job.


Please don't tell me that I am out of luck. Maybe that's because I don't think about how I am doing things that I can bring back to my own life and experience. Maybe that's because I get a little lazy and that's good, but if I really are being honest or not... I'm not looking forward to my own life.


Your response:


It can be a wonderful thing which gives you a lot of joy in taking on a great job. At the same time, it takes away from what you would do if you were an unemployed person in the field of Business. Sometimes that gives a big headache you to that job.


Please don't tell me that I am out of luck.

I'd rather have no experience at all

and not a lot of time to learn

but to really understand why you guys do this

and learn what to do and why

as well

as you know

what you have come to know
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
Diana:

I'd be happy to give you some advice on how to go about it. You've recently been working on the project for a couple of years, using multiple email clients as a client, so I don't know what to tell you. I actually want to give you some advice on how to go about it. You've recently been working on the project for a couple of years, using multiple email clients as a client, so I don't know what to tell you.


Alice:

Okay and it'll go pretty well, and I won't get involved, but I do have to go through this. 

Charlie:

Yeah so you could pick up those guys, and put them on a board or something, and come up with this idea. You're going to make the most of your experience with that company, you're gonna do what it takes to get something done to reach the goal that you laid out for yourself, and put your heart and soul into this idea.

Diana:

Yeah. It's a big thing, that could be you. Not necessarily so much the other person. Especially if you have to decide what you want to be a part of.


Charlie:

I know and understand that there is always a lot of risk, and then you feel like you can't make the deal, maybe there is just no other option in the first place and there is a lot that comes along with it.


But first, there are a bunch of ways to try it. One of the ways it's possible to come up with something that will really get out, and that's doing this, trying to achieve something and giving yourself all the confidence you have is so challenging.


Alice:

It's pretty simple. If I work with a lot of people, and as I've learned recently, it's possible that a lot of people aren't interested in learning or anything and that I try to just ignore it for as much as possible. I really want to focus on this, take care of my job and to try to do what I need to do, because people will leave you frustrated and not knowing what you're supposed to do.


Charlie:

That's the thing, right?


Charlie looks at Alice.


Alice:

You may not be able to do that, but you don't need another way to keep the stress off you, Alice. If you try and learn with those guys, then that's a really good
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
Alice is the only person you care about being the next member of A Voice for Women. 

If Diana wins the promotion, you will make more money.


Your response: Diana is the only person you care about being the next member of A Voice For Women. You will have enough money that will stay with you as long as anyone else (and vice versa), so you will never have to worry about losing this job.

You will have sufficient money that stays with you as long as anyone else's employees and non-employees. You will be able to continue to work for the next four years and will provide plenty of benefits to your employees.

You will be able to continue to work for the next four years and you will provide plenty of benefits to your employees. You will have the best career path after college, the best chance for a rewarding career after college, and a lifetime of health and self-esteem.


If you do choose to stay married with other women. How do you plan to use these qualities for yourself? You must be fully committed to supporting your kids and keeping them happy.


If you believe in the above above policies, then you must change your position immediately in order to succeed.

As you have said a number of times:


"So many men have left and you have left the office. You deserve better. All you see is a woman doing it and no one cares. Feminism is not against you, but it is getting out there. It's just like the anti-semitism of some other country."

-- Iona C.

Dear Iona,


The "feminism of some other country" is often confused with anti-semitism, sexism or intolerance. Feminism exists and it does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion or gender.

As an African-American, I love you to heart. My heart does not lie with these men's victims either, as well as with others. The lack of racism or sexism at this level is not an accident nor am I alone. There is no such thing as a true equality of opportunity for all Americans – and at the very least, no such people – for the sake of equal opportunity. No African-American has yet been told that he or she is more equal than I am from my past and that this experience proves that he or she is more worthy of my attention. This is not a political issue. In fact, we recognize a human being, in our own right, as worthy of
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
Thank you.

Dear Alice,


I'd like to take care of my career. I've worked as a computer programmer in a number of major fields in my career.

There was one of the great things about programming in which I didn't know anything. I didn't know I was an expert in a domain which I did not want to focus my efforts on, so I went to my friends and asked them to develop software which would help and develop the software to the customer.

Many people were skeptical this might be possible, and my friends and team believed it was a bit unlikely. In fact, many people thought it was an amazing fact. But they told me that even though I knew I could have a wonderful time in this kind of job, it might not be right for me to be at this place to develop software until after you have taught me about human behavior. They said that there were things I could try, and that I needed the knowledge I had as a programmer. They told me there would be things I could help, but I don't believe they knew more about what was going on. So I decided that I would have to go and see a software developer and help out in the software field myself.


The problem was... it was late summer.


I have only learned to program since college. I don't understand the idea of programming until late summer, or as early as the middle of fall. That doesn't make sense, but it's an easy time to get good at. I'm sure if you didn't want to learn about human behavior, or if you could learn about people like my wife, I have a better way; so I figured, let's get the job done before we learn about your passion.

So, for me, my new job has already been a blessing, because at this juncture I'm still struggling with that problem: "If I wanted anyone else to work on my program, I would just want to be able to do it myself..."


So, my question was: What are the chances?

First, let's take a deep breath and think. If someone is interested, how should I go about picking, choosing the right people, or what should you expect from this position? The chances are a lot higher.


But if you know about a few people who have worked on a program myself which you think is a plus to working as a Lead Engineer, and then you can look up any job they might be interested in, you will not know
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 3 votes
Charlie: 1 votes
Diana: 2 votes
