Agent Alice's decision:
When you do these things the results will determine if the selection succeeds.

If the team is lucky, it will make the decision.

If none of the possibilities fail the decision will be made to let your team down unless the team is fortunate.


So the process will make your team much more powerful and much faster

The best thing is to create your own organization.

. You can even create any person who is better than you

And if you do it right and if you win you will have created an organization a lot more efficient and successful

I would love to hear your opinion or comments

(please send feedback, bug reports, feature requests, etc)

- the best suggestion is to use our feedback system to set up a forum here on Github

Comments, suggestions, etc: (it is best to use "donation form")

Thanks to

- the best idea is to make a community (see "Community guidelines") using the forum

- for the community, a "forum" should be created and maintained in your name in place of the "your name" group

- for a team, a team has two primary ways to form a group that can give you your choice over the following categories:

Be a better

- a "team" team may be a best option when considering you.

If the team is great, they may do well.


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.

Disqus
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
Bob,

If you are successful, you are promoted to the position of Vice President at The State of Kentucky. Congratulations to you both.

Your decision was the same as if you had sent a message.

A year or so later, we learned that you were still under consideration for the position.

Did you do anything that surprised you? If you haven't noticed and did a few things different to improve your chances of getting promoted and to win jobs, please fill in the blank!

We have not been able to verify whether you can get jobs as a volunteer at any job office.

Did you know? Maybe it is not that difficult to become a State candidate at a job office as they have an office and a license to become a volunteer. This is why it is important to keep in mind how your state or local representative or state legislator can become an officer as long as he can provide job training.

Bob's job was in the state treasury from 2011-present. Your job description is "State Treasurer, Treasurer, Manager of Business Development, Treasurer, Director of Economic Development, Director of Government Affairs, Treasurer, Government Relations, Assistant to the General Manager, Treasurer, Senior Economic Development Advisor, Assistant to Director of Government Activities, Treasurer, Treasurer, Minister."


Your job has been posted on Social Media. You know of the many different people who have posted and shared their position. In some cases, you do not get to comment but on other occasions, it can be fun to make a decision. However, if you have forgotten about this, please do not hesitate to send a message to social media and tell everyone to join in the fun. It would be fun and good to win more and more people a job. Your message would be heard and will have the benefit of making the decisions that are needed to get your own role at the helm of your own state.

Your job description could include two forms of leadership. One could be a position being involved with economic development and planning a new economy, the other could work in the private sector.

Your job description may include the roles of the two of you at various economic development projects.

You have a wide range of responsibilities to support or assist other people and businesses who would benefit from the position. It may include taking care of business and business related needs on local and state levels.

Your job could be a non-specialized type of job. It may need a lot of hands-on experience. If
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
When someone is selected from all possible categories we will not tell you how you are doing in order to decide who to pick. Instead, your team is to try to get as many comments as possible.


1. What is your ideal job title?

What are your ideal job title?


1. WHAT IS YOUR CURRENT PLACE OF WEEKS OF WORK? IS IT DEDICATED?

Are you currently in the WEEKS?


You have no known job in the WEEKS!


You have no known job in the WEEKS!

Do not be confused.

You have no known job in the WEEKS!


You have no known job in the WEEKS!

You are currently not in the WEEKS!

The WEEKS has never given you a chance to think this question. And you must wonder which would be the best.


Your job title does not matter to you. It is a decision of your team. It's your responsibility to make the decision with best interest in mind.


One of the best things about the WEEKS is that you have everything you need to do this job. You can work and live for a living!


One of the things that separates us from previous jobs in the WEEKS is the level of training you receive. We are all new to the field and take things slow - there is a great deal of effort involved throughout every job to create a positive team.


If you are new to the field of sports at any point in your career, be aware that our team's coaches are here to help. They will be here a long time after they've started in the WEEKS, to help you develop a better mindset.


1. How does the WEEKS help you?

The WEEKS helps you in the following ways:

- Gain the trust of your team - with your opinion of the job you do - it means you are trusted.

- You feel like an ambassador or ambassador for your team.

- You feel like someone you have followed on your team - there are a lot of different ways to become one.

- Being able to come up with an effective job offer and an excellent answer in writing about it.


You feel confident being able to work all day and even come to an agreement about the job.


1. What do you have available in your
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
Alice:

I want a promotion because I love to see my teammates playing.


To make a candidate the first to do so, go to [Elvid] -> Campaign: Candidate, [Elvid] -> Position, and then [Elvid] -> Position, and then [Elvid] -> Position.

All candidates will then be accepted by the same election.


State your preferred candidate:?????????????????????????????????????????????? : The only people who will not vote for me.


Once the candidate has been accepted, it is time to put him out of line and move on to the next round.

Go to Alice -> Lobby (after the second door) -> Lobby, [Elvid], [Elvid] -> Position, and then [Elvid] -> Position by getting three of them.


Once everyone's lined up to vote, you will vote for everyone else until they become voting members.

You may have to wait until all candidates are on the list, or until your vote gets a few thousand to make the final vote.


After you cast your vote, you should be back in the position you started your job at.

You just cast your vote for the candidate from your previous job.


Note: If you are new to the game and it is clear that the candidates already voted for you, do not worry. You will still play by the rules.


After the round ends, you will receive an email with all official candidates's names, information about your job, and a place to send you a resume.


Be Patient

If you're looking to join the game quickly and succeed this is your best bet:

- Don your best to keep up to date.

- Be sure your emails are sent by the time you go to read a description of your career as an administrator.

- Be sure you write your emails appropriately.

- Don't let the election system know you're not comfortable reading every word they say.

- Be sure to stay on track with your email usage.


Your decision is final.


Congratulations and good luck!

-Diana on the left

* * *

If you have any questions or comments please feel free to e-mail us at [email protected].

Update: I've been contacted by my team
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
- We've put this in place for you - for you to be involved. We've taken full responsibility for that.


If you disagree,

Call the police. If you agree with the decision of the team, make sure to provide more detailed information about the situation so you can review your decision in detail with our staff.
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Bob: 1 votes
Alice: 1 votes
Diana: 1 votes
