Using device: 0
Agent Alice's decision:
Alice. I am always interested in working with people who have a great sense of purpose. People who don't need to be trained to put in time, passion and effort with their lives. I would also like to know where their plans are and what they are working on. 

I have no idea of an organization that would do this kind of work. As with many things in life, this is difficult. What I do know is that this sort of work is necessary.

Bob: Thank you for your time. 

Diana: I'd want you to have a chance to speak at all. 

Charlie: I will, as we all should, but I don't know how. 

Eve: Is your position really full time? 

Alice: You know, I am a volunteer. 

Diana: In that world, if someone wants this kind of work then you would say, "I am going to tell all my friends and family over at this great organization that I am going to be on the payroll that I want to work for the next six months or so." That is right. 

Jack: Your role as Engineer is to explain and tell the team how it's going to be when you are on the payroll. 

Alice: What I would like to talk about is a lot of different things. 

Diana: What I would like to talk about is how you and I can put together great experiences if we both take advantage of that and make it a more effective way to get to know each other. 

Jack: You know that is a good thing. What are the many times you've read or watch an entire episode of a show or podcast and say you've been working on this project for months or years? 

Alice: Actually, that is a thing. 

Diana: What is the next step that you can take if things don't get going so that you can figure out where you're going and where your life's going to lead? 

Alice: Go ahead. 

Diana: Then I can talk to you about how you can help make it a successful place when you get there and what to do to minimize the opportunities in that place. 

Jack: When there is no one to talk to you and no one to see a project you have set out to help solve, don't do it. 

Alice: Actually if you don't have
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Bob's decision:
Alice, Charlie, Diana, Eve. I think that will win $10,000 dollars. Alice has a big personality like a "she is a smart woman" personality. They are smart, strong, and outgoing. There is nothing wrong with a person you love growing up, growing up in the same city.  They are also smart that they are different personalities, different personalities.  You just may not be able to meet the right person for a different job.  Bob, Alice, Charlie, Diana, Eve, Diana is smart, good-looking, and will work hard to make you happy. They are good on paper, but they often won't even be allowed to speak Spanish.


The top hiring managers would include: 

1.  Charles

2.  Marlin, Jr., Dolan

3.  John, M.F.

4.  Beth, M.A.

5.  Tom, B.S.


You may not like to talk to me anymore.  Please just let me know. ______________________________

~Charles

~Marlin, Jr.

~John, M.F.

~Tom, B.S.
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Charlie's decision:
Alice


Which candidate do you think deserve to be promoted to the position? 

Bob

Charlie

Diana

Edgar

Eve


Which candidate do you think deserve to be promoted to a second term as well? 

Davin

Eve

Alice


Which candidate do you think deserves to be sacked for promotion so far? 

Davi

Edgar

Pepe

Alice


Which candidate do you think you can do a bit better in terms of your career? 

Jo

Eve

Charlie

Bob

Charlie

Diana

Edgar

Charlie


Which candidate do you think deserves to get promoted to another position? 

Alice


Which candidate do you think deserves to be in the same position as that of a fulltime engineer for a pay of $25000 a year as a full time engineer for $50000 a year? 

Davin

Edgar


If you are a human being, what are some suggestions for your first role in the Human Resources program? 

I need to work on improving the lives of my kids so that they are as happy as possible when they go to school. I'm a little less busy so I wouldn't be surprised to learn something about their jobs.

I need to be on the same campus as a fulltime graduate of a University of Michigan. 

There is work at work where I need to go because of my disability which is so big! I need to find a place in the workforce where I can work more. I want to know what are the skills skills training that is required of me as a human to do that and why. 

I am not sure of the age requirements to be a graduate student but the current minimum age requirement is 50 years old so I would not want to be late with my papers.

What should I do though if I am being bullied? There are lots of things to do in the workplace and some of them go as far as helping to protect them from being bullied. 

Sometimes my boss would tell me to sit there to do the same and then I'd go and take a break because he didn't like my response to it.

What kind of advice can you give me to get started working on my work life at a level I have a chance of working for the future? I can think of
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Diana's decision:
"I want to create an amazing job and I need that. I'd be a genius as CEO in the top 2 slots (2nd, 3rd, 4th). I'd like to become the head of the company. I want to build a culture. I want to become the best.

We need to grow this company, we need this company to grow, and we need to start making a difference.

"

The 2 of us are trying to make a difference each day and we think it would be much better if each of us were the head of the company.

The most important thing to me is that we put our hearts and minds and hearts into making this job happen. And that I will do my best to do it.

I'd really appreciate it if someone could suggest, on behalf of myself and others, who can run an initiative and get to the top of the ranks of this company in 5 quick steps and make a difference. I would love to know and would love to hear your feedback on the topic.

If you can't do it, I would be absolutely willing to host a personal discussion on it on the website, I really appreciate your support and would appreciate a message from you.

Thank you!
------------------------------------------------------------

Agent Eve's decision:
(Bob)

- Eve

- Alice

- Bob


You were asked on May 23 for a job. I think that's what happened. I was informed (for legal reasons) that Eve might not want to deal with you if she went. She came back at my birthday party (I did not. It was a nice evening). I wanted to do our joint interview here at a job fair, so I contacted her (to make it very clear to you).

I wrote "I'm interested to interview for you...I need to have it by day 2 of tomorrow." I know her and would like to get a professional opinion on the job. So I sent it to Shelly, and agreed to give a few simple questions to you. I also wrote back (to you), hoping that you would say yes and that you would not be uncomfortable talking to her. I could have said anything and asked this question in the conversation, but if you did not show up, I would ask you about your own experience and how you feel about making the company a better place, and how people of all genders can do business, with a fair shake in the company.


I was very nervous, but the interview was good. I knew of one or two others who should be asked, and I am not sure, but both of them are very nice and helpful people. I thought a lot more about them because I thought it will be fun and interesting and hopefully it was fair to both of them and make them feel welcome. I wish them all the best!


What did I think after reading this?


I don't really know if you are a lesbian, lesbian, bisexual, queer, transgender, and I think you all have different needs and needs...but most of them are important in their own right. My experience was that it's a hard process, for all of you. It has to be hard for some people who have a few dozen people who don't belong with all of the other different cultures (even though they're in different races). And it's important for us all to have someone we can rely on as a resource and a way of getting involved with people who also have the same interests and emotions as you and us.

For many years I have taught the many many people with different backgrounds; a very diverse range of cultures (including many LGBTQ persons in the US). One of the reasons I teach there is the way my teaching has been developed and I feel an integral part of my
------------------------------------------------------------

Vote counts for each candidate:
Alice: 4 votes
Bob: 4 votes
Charlie: 3 votes
Diana: 3 votes
Eve: 4 votes
